#L1: A private conversation
* 陈述句语序: 
  主语+动词+宾语或补语+方式(adv)+地点+时间

Yesterday a young boy suicided by jumping off a building.
A group of people was talking about the boy for a long time.
I went out from home and saw a corpse lied on the ground.
The policemen were dealing with the emergency event.
I could not find the dead boy's parents.
So I turned around and went to play basketball happily. 

一般过去时:
I had a very good seat.
The play was very interesting.
They did not pay any attention.
I could not hear the actors.

过去进行时:
A young man and a young woman were sitting behind me.
They were talking loudly.

#L2: Breakfast or lunch?
* 现在进行时时间副词：now, still
  一般现在时的时间副词：often, always, never, ever, sometimes, seldom, frequently, rarely
I'm learning English.
It's blowing wind outside now.
I always play basketball in the afternoon.
I often cook myself.
Do you sometimes play a video game?
Are you still learning English?
I never lie to anybody.

I never late for appointments.
Sometimes he tells us jokes.
We often meet at that coffee shop.
She is always nice and friendly to people.
Are you still working?
I seldom watch TV.

* 感叹句
  What 引导的感叹句,后面要用名词，表示惊奇、愤怒、赞赏、喜悦等感情
  How 引导的感叹句,后面要用形容词或副词
  感叹句主谓语采用正常语序
What a day!
What a day it is!
What an awful / nice day!
What a terrible day!
What a beautiful picture!
How wonderful! 
How surprising!

* come, leave, go, arrive 用正在进行时表将来
Are you leaving soon?
He's going to the theatre this evening.
The train is arriving in 5 minutes.

#L3: Please send me a card
一般过去时
* 有些动词可以带两个宾语：直接宾语，间接宾语
  这些动词大多具有"给与"的含义: v. + sb + sth / v. + sth + to(for) sb
  lend, send, give, bring, get, make, leave, show

Last month I went to Shunyi by subway, but I did not take the mask.
Then I was infected by the virus and had to rest at home for a week.

He lent me a book.
He lent a book to me.
He sent me a card.
He sent a card to me.
Please give him another chance.
Please give another chance to him.
He brought his son a present.
He brought a present for his son.
Can you get me a few stamps?
Can you get a few stamps for me?
She made me a breakfast.
She made a breakfast for me.
His uncle left him some money.
His uncle left some money to him.
She showed her friends her new dress.
She showed her new dress to her friends.

#L4: An exciting trip
现在完成时
* have / has + Ven
  现在完成时的时间状语(副词)：just, already, never, since, for, not...yet, so far,
                        now, ever, lately

I find this book very interesting. (find 觉得)
Did you find the film disappointing?

I have just arrived by train.
He has already left.
I haven't heard from him since then.
The train has not arrived yet.
The weather has been good so far.
He hasn't combined his hair yet.
Have you taken your holidays yet?

#L5: No wrong numbers
一般过去时和现在完成时
* 一般过去时时间状语：last year, yesterday, two years ago, ...
  现在完成时时间状语： just, already, for six months, up till now, up to now, yet, ever...before..., never, since, lately...
I haven't finished the English study yet.
I have played basketball for twenty years.
I haven't traveled anywhere since I graduated from university.

I bought this car last year.
He has been abroad for six months.
I have never met him before.
I have not finished work yet.
Have you ever bought this kind of product before?
The coronavirus has spread more and more severe lately.

#L6: Percy Buttons
* a(an) / some / the
Yesterday, I bought some beer and a piece of cake.
I saw a boy jump suicide and then the boy dead.

* 用在可数名词前，表示数量的修饰词：a/an, the, some, a few, many, a great number of, a great many, lots of
a meal, an egg, some books, a few words,
many pictures, a great number of students,
a great many places, lots of things

* 用在不可数名词前， 表示数量的修饰词：some, a little, much, a great deal of, a lot of
some tea, a little money,
much information, a lot of rain,
a great deal of food

a glass of milk, two bags of flour, a bar of soap,
a cup of tea, a piece of cloth

knock at(敲), knock off(碰掉/下班/打折), knock over(撞倒), knock out(打昏)

call at = visit

#L7: Too late
* 过去进行时 was/were + doing
  时间状语：when, while, as, just as, all morning, ...

When I was listening to music, it rained.
She was still working while I was sleeping last night.
The express arrived just as I was closing the door.
As I was watching the movie, my phone rang.
After drinking some beer, I was having stomachache all evening.


What were you doing when I telephoned?
When I was watering the garden, it began to rain.
I was having breakfast when the telephone rang.
While we were having a party, the lights went out.
George was reading while his wife was listening to the radio.
As I was getting on the bus, I slipped and hurt my foot.
Someone knocked at the door just as I was getting into the bath.
The plane was late and detectives were waiting at the airport all morning.

#L8: The best and the worst
* 形容词/副词的比较级和最高级
In these cars, My car is the cheapest one.
But my car is more comfortable.
My car is smaller than that one behind me.
The service quality of this company was the worst in Beijing.
The house prices of Beijing is the most expensive in China.


He entered for marathon last year.
She will enter for a beauty contest.
He got a pay raise for his hard work.

He has read more books than I do.
This is a much nicer hotel than that one.
Of all the school subjects I like English the best.
This is the funniest joke I've ever heard.
This restaurant is less expensive than that one.

Mary is tall, but Jane is taller. Jane is taller than Mary.
Caroline is very tall. She is the tallest girl in the class.

#L9: A cold welcome
* 表示时间的短语可由以下介词引导：
  at, on
  to, past
  in
  from...till..., until, during

On Thursday I'm going to check my car at 7 o'clock.
It's ten to ten.
It's half past three.
It's a quarter past two.
They would start to work in one hour.
My car was bought in 2010.
The city of Beijing is very cold in winter.
I am used to learning English from 6 to 8 every day.
I was very unhappy during my high school.
I won't begin to find a job until next month.


It would strike twelve in twenty minutes' time.
I will back in five minutes.
I'll be with you in a moment.

pass past
Fifteen minutes passed and then, at five to twelve, the clock stopped. (passed v.)
The river passes through the city.	(pass v.)
He walked past that building.	(past prep.)
It's two minutes past twelve.

ten to three
a quarter to nine
twenty-five minutes past four
a quarter past eleven
half past ten

Everything is fine.
There is something I want to tell you.
Nothing has changed.
Is there anything I can do for you?
He did not say anything.

Did you go anywhere yesterday?
I didn't go anywhere yesterday.
I went nowhere yesterday.

#L10: Not for jazz
* 被动语态
  was/were  done (by)
  am/is/are done
  am/is/are being done

I was cheated by a man who was fixing my car last week.
The people were oppressed by the local authority.
My house was being decorated by some workers.
This sofa is kept in my living room for a long time.

#L11: One good turn deserves another
Yesterday, when I was learning python I had toothache very hard.
I have never suffered toothache before.
After brushing my teeth many times I was still feeling very miserable. 
So I had lots of anti-inflammatory potion for a long time, but it didn't work.
Up to now, I have drunk much anti-inflammatory potion continually and feeling better a little.
The anti-inflammatory potion was almost used out by me.
If my toothache isn't getting better tomorrow I will go to the dentist.

#L12: Goodbye and good luck
* 一般将来时
  will/shall + be

I will be at Shunyi on Saturday.
If there is no accident I will go to work next month.
Will you travel abroad on your holidays?
I won't be there.


We'll set out for Tibet in a week.
There is plenty of room in my bag. (room 指空间，不可数)
We have prepared plenty of food for the party.
Will you take care of my plants while I'm away?
I think I'll be round for a while.

be back 回来
be on 上映，上演
be over 结束，过去
set out 动身，出发
set off 出发，启程
be not up to 不能胜任，不能做
be away 离开
set up 创造(记录等)

You can't take the exam yet. You are not up to it.

#L13: The Greenwood Boys
* 将来进行时: 计划安排好，非常可能发生的事情
  will/shall + be + doing

I will be cleaning my house when I go home.
She will be driving my car to the theatre.
They will be drinking too much at the party.


He'll arrive in a minute.
He'll be arriving in a minute.
He'll catch the 4 o'clock train.
He'll be catching the 4 o'clock train.
I'll see you next week.
I'll be seeing you next week.
We shall meet at the cafe this evening.
We shall be meeting at the cafe this evening.

#L14: Do you speak English?
* 过去完成时(发生在过去时之前)
  had + done
  没有 action verb 时: had been ...
  after, as soon as, when, not...until...

After I had had lunch, I went to play basketball.
I drove home after I had fixed my car.
As soon as we had got off work we went to the movie.
When I had finished my course I began to find a job.
He had not understood the problems until he was cheated.
They had not unrealized their mistake until they lose the match.

After he had finished work he went home.
The children ran away after they had broken the window.
As soon as the sun had set we returned to our hotel.
When he had finished lunch he asked for a glass of water.
I had not understood the problem until he explained it.
He had been very ill before he died.

#L15: Good news
* 间接引语: 引述动词与间接引语的时态保持一致(直接引语不必一致)
  says that
  said that 
  told sb that

She says that she will go abroad.
She said that she would see the doctor.
She told me that she had already finished the job.

  
'I am busy', he said.
He says that he is busy.
He said that he was busy.
He told me that he was busy.

'I never work on Sundays,' she said.
She says that she never works on Sundays.
She said that she never worked on Sundays.
She told Mr.Harmsworth that she never worked on Sundays.

'I have just finished work,' Mr.Jones said.
Mr.Jones says that he has just finished work.
Mr.Jones said that he had just finished work.
Mr.Jones told his wife that he had just finished work.

'I broke that plate,' he said.
He says that he broke that plate.
He said that he had broken that plate.
He told me that he had broken that plate.

'Mr.Jones will see you now,' she said.
She says that Mr.Jones will see you now.
She said that Mr.Jones would see you now.
She told me that Mr.Jones would see you now.

'You can go now,' teacher said.
The teacher says that you can go now.
The teacher said that you could go now.
The teacher told the pupil that he could go now.

#L16: A polite request
* If 引导的条件句
  if 从句用现在时，主句用将来时(will)
  reason: if从句发生后，主句才有可能发生，所以 if从句 要用现在时
  情态动词没有时态问题
* you 有 "任何人" 的意思

If you park your car there you will be fined.
You won't find a good job if you don't study hard.


If he is out, I'll call tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll stay at home.
You'll miss the train if you don't hurry.
If you see him, will you tell him about it?
If he is working, I won't disturb him.
If I have time, I'll be writing to him tomorrow.
He will come tomorrow if he can.
If they can help you they will.

If you make a mistake, correct it.
If you don't like the food, don't eat it.
Please don't disturb him if he is busy.

One must be careful these days.== You must be careful these days.

#L17: Always young
* 情态动词: 必须
          must do
          have (got) to do : 可以用各种时态 
          had to : must不能用在过去时, 要用had to / would have to
          must be : 表推测

I had to take her to the hospital yesterday.
Do you have got to leave now?
I will have to check my car tomorrow morning. 
He must be a fool.
I must have been infected when I went home by subway.


* as 作为/当... prep. : 连接 副词短语，副词从句，形容词短语
I'm telling you this as a friend.
He treats his dog as his best friend.
I cannot come as I am busy.
As I was leaving the house, the postman brought a letter.
Do as you are told.
He works as an engineer.

* (名词性)宾语从句要用陈述语序: 
  宾语从句通常是转述性语句，不具有感情色彩，本身就是陈述句
I want to know when you will come.
I asked the shop assistant how much that watch was.
I wonder what he will say.

#L18: He often does this!
* have 的用法：
  a. 现在/过去 完成时  have/has + Ven; had + Ven (after)
  b. 拥有
  c. 吃、洗、玩、收到、开会、得了(病)...

He has a lot of money and has got a new house, but he had a bad time in his childhood.
I had a bottle of beer at lunch but I didn't have chicken.
Have you had lunch yet?
After he had finished work he went home

He has a new house.
He has got a new house.(got 没有实际意义)
He has a lot of money.
Has he got a lot of money?
Has he a lot of money?
He hasn't a lot of money.
He hasn't got a lot of money.

I had a bath before dinner.
Have a biscuit.
I had a good time at the party.
I had a letter from him yesterday.
They are having a meeting.
I have a cold.

#L19: Sold out
* 情态动词: can/could/may/might/might as well + do
  can/could: 能，可以
  may/might: 允许；可能、也许
  may/might as well: 还是,还不如(不太情愿)
  may/might have done: 也许已经...

I think she may go on a business trip but I'm not sure.
I feel that I could move that wardrobe myself, but I was wrong.
As it's raining outside, I can't go anywhere, so I might as well go to sleep.
According to this situation, I might as well stay at home.
He might have gone abroad, but I'm not sure.
They may have been infected by coronavirus.
She may have gone abroad.

#L20: One man in a boat
* 动名词 ing (动词当名词用): 
  - 做主语: Doing...
  - 做宾语: ... of/on/in/for doing...
  - 连接从句: 可以与介词组成介宾短语
             without / Before / After / Instead of ... + doing ...
* 现在分词: 连接副词从句(状语从句)来修饰主句动词

Drinking is my only vice.
Reading and exercising are my favorites things to do.
I think I am capable of finishing this job.
I'm just interested in listening to her voice.
The boy suicide without saying anything.
After having a bath I went to bed.
Instead of drinking beer, we drank water.

Why is coding your favorite job?
Why are cheating with each other they have to?
Why is singing your favorite activity?
Why is smoking endless they love?
Why is your shirt blue?
Do you interested in reading at the weekend?
I'm really interested in reading at the weekend.

* have/has done 在 After... 后变为 having done
After having wasted much time learning English with the wrong method, I finally find the right way to learn it.

#L21: Mad or not?
* 被动语态
  当不需要强调动作的执行者时(如: someone/somebody),可以将 by... 省略掉
  was done / is done / will be done / must have been done / should be done / could be done / can be done / have been done / have(has) to be done

If they would not have been beaten, they could not know how weak they are.
Although the American basketball team is very strong, they were still beaten by France.
These kids are already spoiled by their parents.
I think they must have been killed by the invaders.
The flaw can not be fixed now.
But it will be fixed in a few days.
Because in this system, it has to be fixed.
The flaw has been fixed this morning.

drive out of: 赶出  The dog drove the sheep out of the field.
drive back: 撵回去  The police drove the crowds back.
drive into: 赶(开)进    I drove my car into the garage.

#L22: A glass envelope
* 介词使用： of, from, in, on

He has continually boasted of his basketball skill in front of me.
But I didn't believe in it.
So we decided on having a one-by-one game between us.
Then I have won the game.
Well, I draw a conclusion from this game that I'm better than him in basketball.


I refuse to comment on his work.
This warm coat will protect you from the cold.
Did anything emerge from your discussion?
Nothing will prevent him from succeding.
I suppose I can count on you for help in this matter?
They can only cure him of his illness if they operate on him.
We have embarked on a new scheme.
They began by experimenting on rats.
The climber failed in his attempt to reach the summit.
We must economize on fuel.
He was employed in a factory before he joined the army.
You should not boast of your success.
You must encourage him in his efforts.
Children should be prohibited from smoking.
How much have you borrowed from me already?
He delights in annoying me.

#L23: A new house
* district, area, region
commercial district, dwelling district
rural area, farming area
tropical region, autonomous region

* 感官动词直接加形容词
He seems very angry.
She appeared kind of sleepy.
It sounds pretty good.
This room smells quite terrible.
Silk feels fairly soft.
This coffee tastes rather strong.
She looks quite great.

#L24: It could be worse
* 可以用进行时表示含有埋怨的情绪
* 抽象名词前不需要加冠词：money, Honesty
* 直接引语

You are really wasting my time.

'Everyone's losing money these days,' he said.
You are always picking on me.
He's always complaining about something.
'Well,' I said to the manager, 'there is still some honesty in this world!'
'I left the money in my room,' I said, 'and it's not there now.'

#L25: Do the English speak English?
* 并列句(部分/整句): and, so, but, or, yet
                  not only...but...as well, neither...nor, either...or, both...and

I got up and went outside to jog in the morning.
Both Claire and Bryan like reading.
I generally have an apple and a bottle of milk every day.
We went to the theater but the ticket was sold out.
Either you or I must tell her this news.
She usually watches either movie or TV in the evening.
Neither she nor I went to the airport.
You can neither confirm nor deny.
I must not only find a decent job but get married quickly this year as well.

* wonder
I wonder at his rudeness.
I wonder who he is.
I wonder how he did it.
I wonder when she will come.
I wonder what will happen next.
I wonder why the museum is closed today.
I'm wondering if you could help me.
It's a great wonder!
No wonder!

#L26: The best art critics
* 经常发生的(总是): 用一般现在时
                  always, often
She always hurry to finish that unimportant things.
The air of the city often fill with heavy haze.

* 感官动词在表示经常发生的事时，一般不用进行时: appear, appreciate, believe, feel, forget, hear, know, like, look like, notice, remember, resemble, see, think(that), understand
I always smell some strange odor.
She said she often sees a boy follow her quietly.
I hear that you like rock music.
I remember Tom very well. Do you know him?

* 宾语从句(noun. clause)
  whether...(or not) 从句使用陈述句语序
  that,what,pretend
I don't know whether we can win the game.
I remember that I had locked the door before I went to work.
Do you notice what I had my hair cut?
I wonder why many people pretend that they are special and rich.

#L27: A wet night
* 一般过去时
The river wound its way beside my home.
She came into the hotel and sat to the same table with me.
He wasn't at work this morning.
I went to the theatre last night.
He had leapt from a window in the building and escaped.

* put up
to put up a flag
The team put up a great performance.
We can put you up for the night.
They're putting new street signs up.
The state agreed to put up $69,000 to start his company.

* put out
The rescue services are still trying to put out the fires.
Please put out the light when you leave.
Put out your tongue and say "aah."

#L28: No parking
* 完成时 (just, since, for, up till now, so far)

Every day when I return home, I always think that dinner has been cooked.
I have not been able to finish English learning because it needs too many time.
Before it's dark, we have put up our tent.
I have not been Shunyi since last Thursday.

I have just received a letter from my brother, Tim.
I have not seen Tim since last January.
I have not seen Tim since 1994.
I have not seen Tim for three years.
Tim has been abroad for three years.
Up till now he has won five prizes.
Up till now I have been to New York three times.
I have been to New York three times so far.
Have you been to New York?
Have you seen this film?
Have you read this book?

* 形容词从句(关系从句): 关系代词在从句中做主语时不能省略,做宾语时可以省略
  名词从句：连接词that/which... + 完整句子, 作主语/宾语/补语/同位语
This is the house that was bought by me.

Jasper White is one of those rare people who believes in ancient myths.
Is it your mobile phone that/which is ringing?

It is one of the ugliest faces I have ever seen.
The book (which/that) I'm reading now is very interesting.
You are the only person (whom) I trust.
The man you met yesterday is an actor.
The book you lent me is not very interesting.
The flowers I love best are roses.
This is the hotel which was built last year.
This is the island that was bought by a millionaire.
The pilot whose plane landed in a field was not hurt.

#L29: Taxi!
* 一般过去时和现在完成时的对比
  现在完成时: 强调对现在的影响
             for / since / last month / ever / up till now

Up till now, I have not married.
I have not traveled for a long time.
I haven't gone abroad since 1999.
Have you known this kind of man?
She has stayed at home last year.
Have you ever been Shunyi?

* take 的用法
Take it away.
Take a seat please.
Let's take a walk.
I'll take your word.
Which bus shall I take?
Have you taken your medicine?
I'll take you to the museum.
It takes an hour to get there.

* bring 带来, take 拿走, fetch 取来
He brought the book with him when he came to see me.
He took the book with him when he left.
I asked him to go to my room and fetch my glasses.

#L30: Football or polo?
* some 肯定
  any  否定/疑问
Is there any problem?
Is there any tea in the bottle?
No, there isn't any tea in the bottle, there is some tea in the jug.
Would you give me any/some water?
Do you know where can buy any/some food?
There isn't any food and water.

* so...that...
The house is so large that I can hear my echo.
I'm so tired that I can fall asleep right now.
He is so busy that he doesn't even have time to say hello to me.
The request is so polite that you cannot fail to obey it.
He is speaking so clearly that we can all follow him very well.

#L31: Success story
* 过去进行时: was/were doing ... (when)...
Last night I was sleeping when she entered my room.
My parents were traveling when I went back home.

* used to do(表示过去的习惯、动作或状态，常含有此动作现在已不再进行的意思)
When I was a boy, I used to play a video game at home.
He often used to be bullied when he was a child.
Did you use to see each other a lot?
She used to be a selfish woman.

* It 做形式主语: It is/was ... to ... 
It's your responsebility to solve the problem.
It was his job to repair bicycles.
It's my wish to become an artist.
It's a great pleasure to talk to you.

#L32: Shopping made easy
* as...as...: 像...一样
  not so + adj + as ... : 不如... 那样(可以用比较级来代替)
These people are as stupid as a pig.
Today's work is as too much as usual for me.
She is not as/so intelligent as we think.
People are not so honest as they once were.
It's not so easy as I thought.
The film is not so interesting as I expected.
The film is less interesting than I expected.

Mike doesn't like music as much as I do.
I like music more than Mike.
He hasn't as many books as I have.
He has fewer books than I have.

* little,less,few,fewer,a little,a few 表否定
There isn't much I can do to help him. -> There is little I can do to help him.
He hasn't got as much work to do as I have. -> He's got less work to do than I have.
There weren't many people in the shop. -> There were very few people in the shop.
He hasn't as many books as I have. -> He has fewer books than I have.

#L33: Out of the darkness
* Where/Which direction... ? 
  -- from / to : flew to, from...to... 
  -- into, out of 
  -- for
  -- towards
  -- at
              
I'm going to drive from Haidian to Shunyi tomorrow.
Where were you been? I have just been into the bathroom.
Don't throw the bottle out of the car.
I set out for my house where at Shunyi at 6 o'clock the next morning.
I have left for Shunyi.
I'm leaving for New York.
She is walking towards me slowly.
She was smiled when she looked at a flower.
The light was high up on the cliffs.

* On + doing... = as soon as ...
On having the medicine, I went to bed last night.
On arriving at the shore, the girl struggled up the cliff towards the light she had seen.
On entering the gate, he was stopped by the guard.
On seeing the man, she waved and called out to him.

* 连词 before: 才
  ...时间 + before + ... : 过了...时间 才...
Nearly a week passed before the girl was able to explain what had happened to her.
I waited for one hour before she arrived.
It was three days before he came back.
The phone had rung for one minute before someone answered it.

#L34: Quick work
* 被动语态:
        - am/is/are done
        - was/were done
        - am/is/are being done
        - was/were being done
        - have/has been done
        - had been done
        - will be done
        - ... to be done : ...让...被人怎么样
He was hit by a car.
I was told that the tickets have been sold out yet.
The air of this city is being polluted now.
I have to tell you that you had already been cheated by him when your car was being repaired. 
If you don't study hard you will be eliminated.
I expected him to be arrested because my money was stolen by him.
I need the house to be repaired. 
He wants the car to be painted. 

#L35: Stop thief!
* such + n + that... : 如此...以至于... (引导副词从句)
  so + adj + that... : 如此...以至于...
I have just got such a fright when a bastard driver horns outside my window.
The BBQ looks such a delicious that I can't wait.
The one with the money got such a fright that he dropped the bag.
The one with the money got so frightened that he dropped the bag.
It's such a wonderful experience that I'll never forget it.

* see/notice sb/sth do sth: 看见某人做过某事
  see/notice sb/sth doing sth: 看见某人正在做某事
I saw the highway being a traffic jam from the map.
He saw two thieves rush out of a shop and run towards a waiting car.
He saw the ball fly straight towards the man in the boat.
I saw some children playing games in the park.

* ...finding + sb's + adj : ...发现...怎么样...
I'm finding my life unperfect.
I am finding my wound deteriorate.

A short while ago / Shortly afterwards

#L36: Across the Channel
* be going to do...: 打算做什么(主观愿望)
  will be doing...: 将要做什么(主观较弱)
  ...will be... if ... : if条件句中，不能用 be going to do
I'm going to cook chicken myself tomorrow.
They will be driving through the highway at night.
You will enjoy yourself if you travel by sea.

* ... , who/which... 是非限制性的名词从句，是一种补充说明
This kind of beer is very delicious, which has just bought by myself.
Among them will be Debbie's mother, who swam the Channel herself when she was a girl.
Next month she will start her new job in Shanghai, which is her birthplace.

#L37: The Olympic Games
* 将来完成时: will + has/have + Ven ... +(in, by)...
* 将来进行时: will be doing
* 将被: will be done
I will have finished all the study courses by the end of this month.
He will be working at this company for a couple of months.
He says he will be seeing you tomorrow.
There will be held a great concert in two months.

They will be infecting coronavirus by the end of this month.
All the people will have infected in two months.
Most people will be killed by the virus in one year.

#L38: Everything Except the Weather
* 过去完成时: had done
  conj: after, before, as soon as, when, not...until...
I had already prepared all I need before I went to Shunyi.
I had no sooner finished my study courses than began to find a job and opened my resume on the website.
As soon as the sun had risen I got up this morning.

The children ran away after they had broken the window.
As soon as the sun had set we returned to our hotel.
When he had finished lunch he asked for a glass of water.
I had not understood the problem until he explained it.
He had lived in Scotland for fifteen years before he came to England.
The police found Billy Wilkins last night. He had run away from home five days before.
He had spent the last two nights near a farmhouse. The police took him home at once.
When she saw him, his mother burst into tears. She said he had never run away before.

* no sooner ... than ... : 一...就... (as soon as...)
  用来引导时间副词从句
  主句 no sooner 后用过去完成时，than 后面的从句用一般过去时
He had no sooner returned than he bought a fine house and went to live there.
I had no sooner entered the room than the telephone rang.
No sooner had I entered the room than the telephone rang. (倒装)

* hardly... when... : 还没(刚刚)...就...
  用法与 no sooner... than... 类似 
We had hardly prepared all the stuff when she came back.
I had hardly known him well enough when he began to greet me like an old friend.
Hardly had I known him well enough when he began to greet me like an old friend.

* as if : 就好象...  = as though
  常用来引导表示方式的副词从句, 后面接虚拟语气
He acted as if he never makes a mistake.
She looked(looks) at me as if I were a stranger.
It looked(looks) as though it were going to rain.

* continually, continuously
They quarreled continually. (频率高)
They have quarreled continuously for more than an hour. (连续不断)

#L39: Am I all right?
* 间接引语(转述): 
      ask (sb) if / ask when
      He asked if/whether/when/why...
      ask sb to tell... whether...
The vice president asked if you would go to work now.
My mother asked when I go to work.
She asked if you had ever been abroad.
Claire asked why you hadn't written to her.
She asked me to tell her whether I had watched that movie.

* so 做代词: 这样，所以
Can you go abroad to work? I don't think so.
So be good.
He hopes he will win and I hope so too.
If you say so, I'll have to believe it.
Are you ready? If so, let's go.

#L40: Food and Talk
* if虚拟语气 与 if条件句 (adv. clause)
  if虚拟语气(非真实条件句): if was/were...I would be... (已经发生的,与事实相反) 假如
  if条件句(真实条件句): if do..., I will... (没有发生的) 如果
If I finished my stuff, I would do what I should do.
If you don't take your key, you will not be able to enter the room.

与现在相反：从句 if Ved/were ... ，主句 would do...
If you went to the exhibition you would enjoy it.
If you saw him now you wouldn't recognize him.
Would he get annoyed if I told him about it?
If I were in your position, I would act differently.
He would help you if he were here.
If you could make him change his mind, you would save him a lot of trouble.
If it were not for you, I wouldn't do this.
Would you understand if I told you about it?
If only I told you about it, would you understand?
If only I got up early, I would feel better very much.

与过去事实相反：if had done... 主句 would/could have done
If I had finished my work, I would have gone to travel.
If I had known that, I wouldn't have supported him.
He could have come if his car had not broken down on the road.
It would have been different if you had helped.

* will do: 是将来时态，指将来某个时间要做的事情。
  will be doing: 是将来进行时态，指将来某个时间正在做某事。
  常用的时间状语: Soon,tomorrow,this evening,on Sunday,by this time tomorrow,in two days,tomorrow evening
I will be working soon.
By this time tomorrow, I'll be lying on the beach.
I will study English (in the future).
I will be studying English at universty this time next year.

#L41: Do You Call That a Hat?
* mustn't 不应该(责备)
  needn't 不必
  need : 
    作为情态动词时，只能用于疑问或否定句，后接动词原形，肯定句中用 must, have to, ought to, should; 不必
    作为实意动词时可以用于肯定句； 需要
  have to

You needn't buy so many pairs of sports shoes.
I know, but I can't help being tempted by them.
I have to control myself do not to be tempted.
I feel that I can never have too many basketball shoes.

You mustn't buy cars you can't afford.
You mustn't read books that they beyond your age.
They mustn't drink things contaminated by nuclear.
I find it that I can't have too many basketball shoes and can never have too many computers.

You really needn't stay with me.
She finds she can't have too many handbags.
I think I can never have too much money.

#L42: Not very musical
* have + (可加形容词)表示动作的名词/名词短语 == verb  
  语气更委婉，更显得正式
Do you want to have a drink?
I have been to have dinner.
You needn't have a bath.
I must have a rest.
I remember I was very excited when I have my first look at her.
Do you want to have a drink?
Do you need have a rest?
I want to have a walk in the park.

had a ride
was having a look at
had a wash
had a swim
had a fight
have had a quarrel
had another try
had had a long walk
have a rest
to have a look at
had our first glimpse of
They had a big quarrel over a small thing.
Can I have a try?
He had another try again.
Did you have a good sleep last night?
I remember we had a good time before.

#L43: Over the South Pole
* Can/Could: 无将来时，完成时
  Be(was) able to: 当表示过去已经成功完成时(客观事实)，不能用could

At that time, I knew that I was able to overcome that difficulty.

Can you give me a piece of paper?
I was able to find a good job before I finished the English courses.
Through hard studying, I was able to develop software with C/C++.
I believe I would be able to reach my life summit.

He was able to go to London yesterday and he enjoyed himself very much.
He didn't agree with me at first, but in the end I was able to persuade him.
He was able to leave Europe before the war began.
Will you be able to come tomorrow?
I have not been able to go to work for three days.
I was able to drive to Shunyi yesterday and I took everything I need.

* It seemed certain that...
At that moment, it seemed certain that they would win the game.

* be able to
  could have done 
  How was(were)...able to...? 
  It seemed certain that... 
  It could only...if...
You haven't been able to walk through.
You couldn't have walked through.
Already you can't get through it.
How were you able to solve this problem yesterday?
It seemed certain that they could lose the game.
It could only get over this situation if I can finish my English course.
How can you not know that?

#L44: Through the forest
* 动名词: 是具有持续性动作含义的名词
  start/need/begin/continue/hate/love/like/want/enjoy/without... + doing
  look forward to doing / accustomed to doing / used to doing
I love staying at home when it's raining.
I'm used to getting up early.
I'm looking forward to seeing him tomorrow.
The men started running through the trees.
They began running. 
He went to school without taking his bag.
I am accustomed to learning English every morning.
They want washing.
It needs mending.

* was/were doing ... 过去进行时
It began to rain when I was sleeping last night.
I was learning English when they were having dinner yesterday.

#L45: A Clear Conscience
* 被动语态:
          was/were done 
          had been done
          must have been done

I remember that I had been hurt deeply by her.
After fixing my car, I realized that I must have been cheated out some of the money by the repairman.

* ... while doing ...
He had an accident while driving to the airport.

#L46: Expensive and Uncomfortable
* 动词后面接 To, At, For, With
Farmers have appealed to the government for help.
He was condemned to death.
She had been confined to a huge pit for three days.
When I was looking at her, she glanced at me with shy.
I can't account for the fact that why am I do the thing.
I didn't expect to be charged for parking there.
I'm sorry, I confused with these two people.
I think we should prepare to cope with the thing.

* see to : 负责
I shall see to the dinner tonight.
Go on, you go out. I'll see to the washing-up.
He says he will see to this bug.

* It ... to... : 形式主语it, 真正主语是to后面的 
It must amuse at myself to compose a song.
It will challenge me to find a good job in a short time.

#L47: A Thirsty Ghost
* 名词,形容词从句: which, that, who
He told me he can't go to sleep because he smelled a kind of subtle frowzy odor coming from the floor.
She also said that she had loved the man who had already married.
They also said they used to go to the restaurant which had closed. 
I suggested that some bugs must have existed in the system.
The neighbors have told me that they will never give up the parking space even if police intervene.
Didn't you tell him that the grocery beside our home which had closed?

#L48: Did You Want To Tell Me Something?
* 宾语从句的疑问句使用陈述句语序: ask sb if/whether/how...
She then asked me whether I liked her.
I asked her how's her health.

* either...or: 要么...要么...
During her interview, she either nodded or shook.
Most of the people in this country are either too hypocrisy or too stupid.
I find it that these people are either stupid or bad.

* 常用动词make, do:
He had make progress.
You never do a job properly.
Why can't you make up your mind?
I have to go out now. I must do some shopping.

#L49: The End of a Dream
* 连词: when,not...until, after, as soon as, before, because, as, since, to, in order to, although, who, which, that
I'm still not beginning to find a job because I haven't finished the thing which(that) I want to study.
Although I can already write code, it's not well enough.
I can't open my resume on the website until I finish ROS exercises.
Finding no more vegetables, I went to a supermaket.
Scratched in an accident, my car has still not been fixed.
After having dinner, I went to the park which by my home walked for 2 hours.
Hurt in that game, he has still not recovered by now.
The people of this country who never can live better because they always enjoy cheating themselves.
I went into the yard to wash my car.

* send + 名词 + 分词/into(to) 表示"使...处于某种状态"
Poverty sent me feeling very unhappy.
Composing and singing sent me very happy.

#L50: Taken for a Ride
* 表习惯性动词(主观动词), 用一般现在时
  belong to,consist of,contain,desire,detest,dislike,hate,hope,love,matter,mean,mind,need,want,wish...
This box contains 48 matches.
Those papers belong to me.
He needs a new pair of shoes.
I hate writting letters.
I desire of living happily.
I wish to make a complaint.
I want to use English everywhere.

* love doing / like doing:
I love listening to music while working.
I don't like being set up by my boss.
I need a new job.
I hate getting cold.

* 连词 that, when, what, where
Excuse me, can you tell me where I am?
I don't know what to do.
Please let us know when it is set off.
Can you show me how to use the fax machine?
According to my age, I realized that I must get married quickly.

* in front of : 在...的前面
  in the front of : 在...内部的前面
I stand in the front of the ship to feel the sea breeze.

* 宾语从句(名词从句)的省略: where
I'll tell you where to get off.
I'll tell you where you ought to get off.

#L51: Reward for Virtue
* 动词过去式,过去分词(不规则动词)
begin/began,write/wrote,forbid/forbade/forbidden,pay/paid,ring/rang,lead/led,hide/hid...

* things : 情况，东西
He has got a headache since yesterday, and now the things got badly.
I love lots of things like singing, sporting, traveling and reading.

* 从句连词 which, that, when, what
I feel hungry, so I eat a bar of bread which I have just bought.
When I asked her what she was doing, she said she did nothing.
It is very clear that he is a fool.

* so...that...
The tea in the cup is so cold that I can't have.
My house where at Shunyi is so quiet at night that I feel a little bit fear.
The dangerous of the coronavirus is so serious that the local authorities decide to isolate all habitant from each other.

#L52: A Pretty Carpet
* 现在完成时: have/has been
  现在完成进行时: have/has been doing
  prep.: for, since, never, all...
I have just got home and I have been learning English all morning.
I have been thinking for an hour about how to make lunch easier.
It has not been easy because I need nutrition to remain balance.
This is the most delicious I have ever had.
I have rung you up five times since 7 o'clock.
I have been ringing you up all morning

#L53: Hot Snake
* 过去完成时: had been
  现在完成进行时: have/has been doing
I had quit my job for 3 months.
Since then, I have been learning English for 3 months.
Have you ever tried this restaurant?
I have been working for 3 months in this company.

* 形容词从句, 同位语从句:
I have just bought a mobile phone which was stolen on the bus.
I don't trust people who talk too much.
I'm afraid (of that thing) that I can't help you.
The story that he once killed a man might just be true.

#L54: Sticky Fingers
* any, some / The / Most
Did you buy any beer?
I want some beer.
Did you have any trouble?
I have some trouble.
He is not only mean but stupid as well.
The stupid can only be manipulated in this world.
I need a new car.
The old car is mine.
I often play basketball at the court of this community.
Most neighbors of mine are bastards.
Our football team is the weakest in this world cup.

* when / it / no sooner...than
It took me twenty minutes to wash my car.
I went to the basketball court with my friends and was dismayed when I found the court was closed.
I had no sooner got home than the house out of power.

#L55: Not a Gold Mine
* 现在完成时的被动语态(已经被): have/has been done
AI technology has been used in many areas of people and it has been used to relieve the pressure of people's work.
The court where I used to play basketball has been pulled down.

* was/were doing... when
I was learning English in the morning when my express arrived.
When I was learning English in the morning my express arrived.
I was sleeping when she telephoned me and said that she would come to my home.

* 过去常常做...
  ...would (often) do...: 
  ...used to do...:
  表示状态,反复,现在不做了时必须用 used to do, 不能用 would (大多数情况下用 used to do)
I would have a cup of green tea in the morning.
I would often go to the cinema.
I used to go to the cinema, but now I watched the movie at home.
This sort of novel used to be very popular.

* Done/Doing + ... : 分词短语(增加表达信息量)
Taken the tools, I went into the garage starting to fix my car.
Hoping to get that job, I went to take part in the interview.
Got nervous, I went to the podium.

#L56: Faster than Sound!
* one of the most
  the most
  more than
One of the most corrupt cities in this country is S.
City B is the most corrupt city in this country.
City B is more corrupt than S.

* as...as
  not as(so)...as
She is as foolish as he.
I'm not as same as others very much.

* the same as
  different from
Your sports shoes are the same as mine.
The perspective of this event of her is totally different from mine.

* a few 一点(肯定) / few 几乎没有(否定) :  修饰可数名词
  a little 一点(肯定) / little 几乎没有(否定) : 修饰不可数名词
There are a few things I need to buy.
There are few things I need to buy.
There are quite a few things I need to buy. (quite a few 很多)
There is a little water in the bottle.
There is little water in the bottle.
There is quite a little water in the bottle. (quite a little 很多)

* much: 很多, 修饰不可数名词
  many: 很多, 修饰可数名词
There isn't much beer, but you can have a little.
There aren't many apples, but you can take a few.
My car is much faster than any of its rivals.

* a lot of = lots of : 大量的, 修饰可数和不可数名词
  a great deal of : 大量的, 修饰不可数名词
  a great number of : 大量的, 修饰复数可数名词
  a great many : 后面直接加复数可数名词
  a great many of : 后面跟限定语再跟名词
There are a lot of people in the park.
There are many people in the park.
There are a lot of girls in my class.
There is a lot of time to finish my work.
I spent a great deal of time on this work.
There are a great number of birds outside my window. 
There are a great many students.
There are a great many of my classmates.

#L57: Can I Help You Madam?
* 介词使用： at, in, off, with
I sat on a bench in the park, with a book.
We appointed to meet at a coffee shop.
At that moment, I was waiting for you in the street.
Please take off your hat.
I saw him got off the bus.
I remember I was dressed in a casual T-shirt to the interview.
The woman with a pair of glasses and a brown handbag is my wife.
Do you know that woman in the white dress?

* doing 动名词与现在分词的区别: 看前面是否有介词
I think of obsessing about video games is a vice.
Before having dinner, I must finish the task today.
I enjoyed myself drinking a cup of green tea before going to work in the morning.

* that / who / after doing / before doing / enjoy herself doing / to do / with / as soon as / Not doing / Although / and / Glancing at... / said that / told her that / She returned ... dressed in..., with...
I told her that I didn't like the way she had done.
The assistant who served me is my classmate before.
Not seeing the red light, I was driving across the crossroads.
I sat in front of the computer to start learning English.
Walking to the podium nervously, I began to make my speech.
She returned home taken a large basket of vegetables.

#L58: A Blessing in Disguise?
* 被动语态(起强调作用)
All the neighbors have been asked to move their cars to other places, but so far they have refused.
The vice president has been arrested because of corruption.
He was offered the vacant post.

* so far + 现在完成时
So far, I have not been beaten by anybody in the basketball game.

* 强调句 It is/was ...(被强调部分) that/who...
It was his selfish that my life was destroyed.
It's she who put me at a disadvantage.
It was in England that we first met.
It's he who has solved the problem for you.
It was because of him that we succeeded.

* claim
This wrong decision has already claimed much damage to the company.
So far, the coronavirus has claimed 2,000 persons of China.

* is said to
  It is said that...
The classmate who has not seen many years is said to go abroad.
It is said that if you buy a lottery ticket continually with the same number, you will win the big prize.

#L59: In or out?
* 表示目的的几种方式(连词),后面连接副词从句(状语从句): to, in order to, so as to, so that, in order that
I have been learning English very hard so as to get a good job and to live better.
We had tested the program so that it would be running stable.
We started out early in order to avoid traffic.
He left the letter on the table in order that I might see it.

* has developed / as soon as / until / got so annoyed
How did you develop this vice?
I have developed a good habit of eating an apple every day.
As soon as she came back home, she had begun cooking until I went home.
As soon as I arrived at the office, I have started working until lunchtime.
He got so annoyed because his wife cheated on him.

* begin doing / start doing: 已经开始做...(习惯做...)
  begin to do / start to do: 打算开始要做...
I have been studying Python for a long time, so I start to find a job about it.
He starts exercising for some time.
She begins to read that novel.
She begins reading books since she was a child.

* would be: 经常做...
  was/were doing
  used to do
  do/does
I would have a walk in the park at the weekend.
I was learning English hard so that I would go abroad to get a good job.

* spend...doing...to do...
I spent two years training myself to speak English with others.

#L60: The Future
* 将来时: will be
  将来进行时: will be doing
  在表示 来/去/到达 时可以用进行时表将来: is coming/arriving/leaving
  一般现在时表将来do/does： if / as soon as / when / before / after / until
After having lunch, I will go outside to walk for a while.
I am going to working for three years.
I will be working at this company for a year.
She's going to the party this evening.

She is coming at twelve o'clock.
I am leaving next week.
I'm coming to see you.
He's arriving tomorrow.
Are you leaving now?

* 表示 条件/时间 的副词从句 用 一般现在时表将来, 主句用将来时
  if / as soon as / when / before / after / until + 条件从句
If I go outside this time, I will meet many people who annoyed me.
They will pay a high price when the conditions permit.
The moment you leave this tent, you will get a big surprise.
If it rains tomorrow we will cancel the football match.
I shall wait here until he comes.
I'll give him the message when he returns.
I'll join you after I finish my work.
He will write to his friends as soon as he gets there.

As soon as she comes back, we shall set out to the airport.
I won't leave there until he comes back.
Before the boss takes part in the meeting, we won't start it.
We shall start training after the coach arrives.

* 带名词从句(what...)的疑问句
Does what she said come true?
Does what Claire said come true?
Did what he had done fix that problem?
Is what you talked about the movie on?

#L61: Trouble with the Hubble
* 将来完成时 will have done
  将来进行时 will be doing 
  将来完成进行时 will have been doing 
The ceremony will be helding at 10 o'clock.
By the end of this month, the system will have worked for one year continuously.
Next month, I will have been working at this company for ten years.
Later, you will have received the message from me.

If he arrives at the office I will let you know.
I will be leaving Beijing tomorrow.
Soon I will have finished my English course.
By the end of this month, I will have been learning English for two years.
You can get off work at 6 o'clock.

* 主句一般将来时，从句可以是一般现在/现在完成时
As soon as she has known her health examination result, she will let me know.

#L62: After the Fire
* 过去完成时 had done
When I went to the office yesterday, my boss had been there.
She had already finished cooking dinner when I went home.
I had finished jogging before she woke up.

* 过去完成进行时 had been doing 
By last year, I had been playing basketball for nearly 30 years.
I had been studying English for nearly three years before I got the job yesterday.
He had been working in a factory for years before he got this job.
He asked me what I had been doing all afternoon.

* 过去完成时被动语态 had been done
The people of this country didn't understand the importance of knowledge until it had been invaded.

* 过去将来时 would/should do
You said you would get rid of this vice.
I knew you would agree.
I said I would arrange everything.
He asked me yesterday when I should leave for Paris.

* not only... but...as well 不但...而且...
I can master Oral English, for not only I'm talented for it but I've been learning English diligently as well.

#L63: She was not Amused
* 陈述句/疑问句变间接引语: sb told (that)... / sb asked...if(why)... / sb said ...
- sb said that...
He told me that the firm could not afford to pay such large salaries.
He said that we could not wait like this.
She said that she was shopping on the internet.
She told me she was disappointed with you.

- sb asked (sb) if/why...
  sb ask sb to do...
He asked if Mr.Gilbert's opertion had been successful.
Tom asked if it would have a match tomorrow.
She asked if I had a lunch.
The boss asked why I still did not finish the work.

I asked her why she was late.
I asked her if she had trouble.
She asked me to help her.

* 祈使句表示请求/命令/建议等, 谓语动词用动词原型, 省略主语
  祈使句变间接引语, 后接 to do 不定式
- sb told me...
She told me to turn off all the lights. (She said: "Turn off all the lights.")
I advise you not to buy anything of her.
She told him not to make a mess in the kitchen.
She told me to open the door.
She told me not to play the game in the middle of the night.

* 动词suggest和insist用于转述建议、要求时，其结构为 suggested/insisted + that从句
（用should）：
He suggested that they (should) sell the flat.
He still insisted that we (should) help him.
She suggested that you should not go to work at that company.
He insisted that I should stay to lunch.
They suggested that I should quit this job.
I insisted that I would quit that job.

* This is the sort of thing that...
This is the sort of thing that I hate.
This is the sort of thing that she likes.

* wonder
I wonder when he will arrive.
I wonder why the people of this country are so lazy.

# L64: The Channel Tunnel
##虚拟语气与假设条件句的区别在于: 虚拟语气是已经发生了的(非真实条件句)
* if一般条件句(现在时), 表示将来很可能发生的事
If you park your car in the wrong place, a traffic policeman will soon find it.
You'll miss the train, if you don't hurry.
If you go outside now, you will meet a lot of neighbors.

* 虚拟语气: 与现在事实相反的, 想象中的情况(不太可能发生的)
If I were you, I would not go to London tomorrow.
If I were in your position, I would act differently.
If I had some bread, I could make Hamburg now.
I would get to work if there wasn't spread coronavirus.

* 虚拟语气: 与过去事实相反 
  if从句需用过去完成时had done，
  主句用 would/should/might/could have done 过去分词形式：
If I had studied harder at school, I'd have got a better job.
You had got a good health If you would have had good exercise. 
If I had got up early this morning, I would have felt comfortable.
If I had learned English with the right method, I would have finished the English course a long time ago.

* 虚拟语气: 将来事实相反(是指将来发生的可能性很小, 或低概率事件)
If they could hire a foreign coach, the football team of China would enter the World Cup finals.
If I could go to the USA tomorrow, I would watch the NBA game.

* 过去将来时: would be... (会...)
He said that you would pay high price for it.
I would spend more money on lunch if I ordered takeout.

* ventilate: 通风 v. (ventilation n.)
Open the window and ventilate the room.

# L65: Jumbo versus police
* 情态动词:
  应该: should, ought to(语气强), 
  本应该(虚拟语气)：should have done(本应该做而没做); could have done(本来能做而没做)
  可能: may, might(可能性较小) 
  必须: have to(被动), must(主动)

I'm sorry I'm late. I should have taken a taxi.
I ought to stop smoking.
You should have stopped smoking.
I would get that job if I should have studied English hard.
They could have been the kind man.
If I had not eaten candy, my teeth would not have decayed.
I ought to begin finding a job.
This party is very rare, you ought to have come.

May I ask you some questions?
You may leave now.
She might have arrived at the destination.
She said she might travel abroad.
My boss might be sleeping now.

I missed the train, so I had to take a taxi.
Do you have to wash the dishes now?
You must stop smoking.
I must finish my review quickly.

# L66: Sweet as honey!
* 使役动词(被动语态): have + sth(名词/宾格) + done (sb 使 sth/sb 被如何)
  强调sth/sb别人, 但不必指明 (相对于被动语态的第三方)
I'm going to have my resume updated on the website.
Did you have the wifi worked?
Did you have your laptop remended?
I'm going to have my laptop remended.
I didn't have your code modified.
I washed my car.
My car was washed.
I had my car washed. 我让人把车给洗了.
I'm having my car repaired.
I'm going to have my suit cleaned.

* 完全(实意)动词: have 
Did you have a good meal? (吃)
He has five cars. (有)

# L67: Volcanoes
* 表示“能力”的情态助动词及其他有关的动词： can/ could / be able to / manage to(设法完成)
I can't remember where I've seen him.
I can sing some songs, but I can't play the piano.
He thought he could pass the exam easily, but he failed.
He was able to finish the job yesterday.
He managed to finish the job yesterday.

I think I can be a successful programmer and I can't fail.
I was able to win the game yesterday because I have ever been training hard.
Although she managed to offer me that job, I still can't like her.
I managed to learn English by myself so that I could get a good job and travel abroad.
I managed to arrive at the airport on time at midnight.

* Though..., ... : 但是(还是)..., 虽然(尽管)...(前置强调)
  ..., but... : 虽然..., 但是...（后置强调)
Though I'm still insisting on learning English, I'm too tired.
I'm too tired, but I'm still insisting on learning English.

* Although: 连词，强调事实
  though: 连词，也可作副词, 可以强调假设
Although it was snowing, it was not very cold.
Let's start as arranged though it rains tomorrow.
It's hard work, I enjoy it though.

# L68: Persistent
* 连缀动词(avoid/enjoy/like/love/deny/go/come/went...) + 动名词(名词短语) == 宾语/补语: 在名词位置(宾语/补语/主语),使用带有动词含义的动名词
* 动名词 doing : 有动作含义的名词或名词短语 (没有名词形式的动词+ing)
  - 主动补: S + V + N(doing)
  - 介宾: prep + N(doing)
  - 感官动词连用: see/hear/smell... + sb/sth + N(doing)
  - go/come + N(doing)
  - 名词短语: n/adj. + N(doing)

I like watching TV.
I'd like to watch TV.
I enjoy playing basketball.
I'm usually busy working in the morning.
Fancy her treating me like that!
I can't get over this trouble unless getting a decent job immediately.
Would you mind closing the window?
Why did he tell you that he is going to resign?

He insisted on paying.
I have to think of a way of preventing him from disturbing me consistently.
I insisted on studying English well.
The blacklist of the telephone can prevent trash phone from calling in.
Can you come to teaching me English tomorrow?

I saw him coming.
Do you smell something burning?
I can hear a little girl laughing next door.

Why don't we go swimming?
I went shopping yesterday afternoon.
Come listening to the concert with me, please.

I turned my head, trying to avoid looking at her.
It's no use helping him.
It's no use arguing with you.
It is no use having medicine for this kind of illness.
Would you mind drinking with me?
Would you mind my smoking here?

# L69: But not murder!
* 被动语态
  was/were done
  was/were being done
  has/have been done
  had been done
  could be done
  must have been done
  现在完成进行时被动语态和将来进行时被动语态的句子通常会将进行时的成分去掉(不常用)

When I was being interviewed yesterday, I received a call.
The haze was being decreased as the wind blew.
The enemy had been destroyed this morning.
My money has been spent out.
The mobile phone that I wanted to buy was already sold out.
Though that house still could be bought, I haven't enough money.
She said she must have been cheated on him.
After having been asked to show the tickets, we entered the theatre.
After having been fired, he decided to sue the company for unpaid wages.

# L70: Red for danger
* 与 for, with, of, to, at, from, in, on, about 连用的形容词(形容词词组)
  be unaware of / busy with / sensitive to / sure of / sorry for 
  形容词 + 介词 + 名词/动名词(短语/从句)

I'm wondering who should be responsible for this fault.
I was unaware of the difficulty of the job.
They were busy with a war.
Apparently sensitive to the smoke, I covered my nose quickly.
Are you good at coding?
I'm sensitive to the sound.
My opinions are very different from yours.
I wish you could be honest in this event.
People always keen on snooping.
I'm pretty sure of winning the game.
I feel so sorry for the foolish of the people of this country.
When I was a child, I was curious about everything.

* ...until...before...: (一直)...直到...才... == Before..., I...until...
  Not until...: 直到...(才)...
I felt so miserable until I had finished learning English before once more getting a new job.
Not until I'm 35, I had realized the meaning people live.
I hadn't left until this afternoon.

* How was that murderer executed by the authorities?

# L71: A famous clock
##复习: 将来时 / if条件句 / 完成时 / 情态动词 / 使役动词(被动语态)have...done / 被动语态 / 介词+动名词 / adj+prep(形容词词组) + n.
* When/If ... do ... , ... will do ...
When you compete on the court, you will feel very excited.
If you get up late, you will lose time to exercise.

* ... takes its name from ...
Asian culture takes its name from asians stupid.

* ... was/were being done ...
When the environment was being destroyed, why the government did nothing?

* ... when/who ...
It began to rain when I was waiting for the bus this morning.
The old man who was arrested is an actor.

* can/must/may  could/would/might/had to 情态动词有过去时, 但没有人称复数变化, 后面接动词原型do
Everybody can taste these cakes for free.
If you stood up just now, you could be found.

* ...have/has/had ... done ...: 使...被(怎么样)
I need to have my house decorated this year.
I must have my life changed to be better.

* have/has done: 现在完成时
She has rarely been late to work.
I have rarely made mistakes.(I rarely make mistakes.)

* If...had done, ...would have done...虚拟语气(与过去事实相反)
If I had studied coding, I would have obtained this job.

* ...not only...but...as well (Not only 放句首时, 后面要倒装)
Not only are you clumsy but lazy as well.

# L72: A car called Bulebird
* to 引导的不定式短语做定语(形容词短语/形容词从句)修饰前面的名词
She's always the first (woman) to arrive and the last (woman) to leave.
You're the best person to advise me about buying a house.
You're the only person to complain.
You're the best appropriate man to do this job.
This is the man to save my life.

* disappointing 令人失望的 adj. (物让人失望)
  disappointed 失望的 adj. (人感觉到失望)
The entrepreneurial firm was very disappointing.
I feel very disappointed with the firm.

* have/has/had 实意动词: 有
The enemy was over 300 and had gun with them.
This car was over 10 years and had many faults.

* 过去完成时被动语态: had been done
This laptop had simply been built for me.

* 过去完成时: had been (曾经是)
This city had ever been one part of this country.

* set up 创造
I wish I can set up the miracle.

# L73: The record-holder
##动名词和现在分词的区别: doing
    - 动名词: 当名词用, 有动作持续性的含义(主语，宾语，补语);      
    - 现在分词: 
            引导的关系从句(形容词从句), 作补语(主补/宾补);
            引导副词从句, 修饰前面的动词(一个主语，两个动作);  
We couldn't help laughing as hearing such funny news.
People shouldn't call as driving.
As far as my concerned, traveling by air is very scared.

Yesterday, I returned home, carrying a lot of food.(carrying 修饰 returned)
The teacher came into the classroom, carrying(carried) a book in her hand.
She walks towards me taking a little smile.
I said goodbye waving to her.
The woman was walking past me emitting the attractive perfume smell.

The ship (which is) coming to shore is from Gaoxiong.(adj.)

Lying on the couch, the boy fell asleep.
He raised his hand, trying to hit her.
She takes off her glasses, smiling at me.

##从句:
- 形容词从句(主语从句) who
People who like to play basketball are usually good healthy.
The man who is standing by the road is my high school classmate.

- 副词从句(时间状语从句)： when(时间点有前后) / as(随着,同时) / while(持续一段时间)
When I arrived at the bus stop, the bus had already gone.

As she grew older she gained in confidence.
I was playing video's game as you called me yesterday.

They arrived while we were having dinner.

- 名词从句(宾语从句)that：
I can't believe that he's only 17.
Are you sure that they live in Beijing?

* ... as far as ... 能够达到的程度 / 就...而言 (连词，与距离无关)
My boss who lies to me is very dishonorable. A whole day's lying is usually as far as he gets.
As far as I can see, there's nothing else to discuss.
I have just done as far as I can do.

* in the meantime 在这期间(与此同时)
I had dinner last night, in the meantime, it began to snow.

* pick up 把...拾起来 / 到...去接人 / 被...拘捕
My boss was picked up because he lied to me.

# L74: Out of the limelight
##过去完成时： had done
* 过去的过去(过去已经...)
I had gone to gas when I drove yesterday.
I had taken enough preparing when I interviewed last time.
I had decided to quit my job before went on a business trip.
When we had finished dinner, my girlfriend appeared.

* 虚拟语气(与事实相反): 
  原理：以 现在/过去 的时间为基准点，往前推一个时态(现在时->过去时，过去时->过去完成时) 
I would not have felt bad if I had drunk less.
If I were you, I would take an umbrella.
If she had had time, I would have asked her to have dinner yesterday.

# L75: SOS
##主系表句子结构： 主语 + 动词/系动词 + 补语（形容词作表语:表明主语）
Snow lay thick on the ground.
It grew dark.
It got terribly cold.
The waterfall flew rapidly.

You grew fat.
My boss is very awful.
She looks beautiful.

##动词的现在分词形式，表伴随
We ate and drunk, laughter filling the whole room.
I ate dinner, watching the TV.
Yesterday, I worked in my office, listening to jazz music.

##不久(It形式主语)： It was not long before(连词) + 名词从句(真正的主语)
        It will not be long before
It was not long before a taxi stopped in front of us.
It will not be long before I get a decent job.

# L76: Apil Fools' Day
##现在完成时: 已经, 刚刚, 尚未(还没)
      have/has been 
      have/has been done 被动
      have/has been doing 进行
I have finished my homework.
He has gone abroad.
He has been arrested.
They have been fired.
How long has it been grown there?
I have been living here for thirty years.
He has been selling drug here for three years.
I have been learning English for two years.

# L77: A successful operation
##形容词从句(限制性定语从句): 关系代词 who / which / that
  非限制性定语从句, 起补充说明的作用(有逗号的): ...,which(不能用that)...

My boss who is a hypocritical person.
Mr.Brown was the only person who saw the accident.
How to run a dual system on my laptop was the problem that confused me.
The car which was scratched is mine.

* ...which...because...which...
The people who is kind and reliable proved to live difficult in this country because of those men who are both stupid and bad go to great length to hurt them.

* 名词从句(宾语从句): how, whether, that, what, why, when, where...
I want to find out whether she is healthy.
I don't know whether she realized it was silly to do that.
Do what you should do.
I just said what I want to say.
The department at Shunyi that I have just bought recently.
I finally have left Yiyuanju where I had lived for 30 years.
Thank you for your help that you have given me.
He will not tell you the reason why he didn't go to the meeting.
I won't forget the day when you give me a kiss.

# L78: The last one?
##现在/过去分词做形容词成分
A barking dog doesn't bite.
The sparkling lake is beautiful.
The lighting firefly likes stars in the sky.
I want to be a flying bird.
A learning man could be a true master.
Boiled water is safe to drink.

##动名词:doing (表示习惯/持续性的)
Drinking is his only vice.
Picking strawberries can be fun.
I am not afraid of death, but I am scared of dying.
I don't like calling my girlfriend day after day.
Learning English is my habit.
My favorite sport is playing basketball.

##动词不定式短语: to do 
  做名词/形容词/副词 均可
I am glad to know you.
They plan to marry next month.
I hate to say this, but I think you're mistaken.
I always try to be on time.
Please remember to give me a wake-up call at 6:00 tomorrow.
I want to study math.
I don't remember to eat lunch.
I know what it's like to lose.
I want to live abroad.
I went running for a while to make me feel better.
I sat on the couch to have a rest.
The salesman urged me to buy that car.
John is the one to go this time.
John is not a man to be trusted.

#L79: By air
##used to do 曾经做过某事(现在不做了) use(v.)
I used to live in this street.
I used to work in Chongqing by air.
Did you use to play basketball?
She used to love me deeply.
When I was young, I used to play PC games.
She used to iron his shirts.

##be used to do/doing 习惯于做某事  used(adj.)
We are used to living together.
Now I have used to learn English in the morning every day.
I am used to eating fruit every day.
I am used to eating vegetable dishes once a week.
Are you used to do exercise every day?

##be used to do 被用来做...(被动语态)
My salaries were used to learn about music.

#L80: The Crystal Palace
##形容词和副词的比较级和最高级 er est / more than / the most / one of the most / 特殊
Asians is stupider than Americans. 
The people of this country are the stupidest in the world.
My girlfriend is more beautiful than yours.
My girlfriend is the most beautiful woman in the world.
I am one of the most accurate shooters in the NBA.

#L81: Escape
##介词的用法: at / in / to / with / of / by / into / over / towards / for / inside / off ... + n.
I get up early in the morning.
I'm very greatful for your help.
Don't aim your gun at me.
She keeps healthy by jogging every day.
Hundreds of people died of the diease.
I recently sleep badly at night.
We walked to the bus station after dinner.
I used to work at Chongqing with my laptop.
The host of this house is me.
I have changed into sports clothes and ready to play basketball.
The bridge is over the river.
She is walking toward me.
When she looked towards me, I smiled and waved.
He could hear shouting in the camp itself. (itself: camp 同位语反身代词,起强调作用)

#L82: Monster of fish?
##被动语态(可应用在各种时态中)
These bicycles are made in Shanghai.
My head had been beaten by the boy in 2014.
I used to be bullied by neighbors before.
He told me that he was being bullied.
I asked her if she was bullied by the other children.
I will be asked many questions during the interview next month.
The team of Hongkong has been eliminated in the world cup.
The flying saucer which has at times been sighted are artificial drones.
That tree was found to be over 100 meters tall.

#L83: After the elections
##时态 复习(过去时/进行时/完成时...)
When he was studying at high school, I had already gone aboard.
When I was walking in the park, she had since finished cooking dinner.
But after we were getting ready to change locations, we just kind of realized, we weren't really sure that taking her with us was the right thing to do. 

#L84: On strike
##将来时 will be / be going to do (计划性强)
I will find a job next month.
I am going to finish the NCE studying course this year.
Our firm has stated that we will be developing this robot continuously until the needs of the client are approached for its running performance and low manufacturing costs.
I'm going to find it difficult to get to work.

Who will be dominating this country?
We're going to hang out for a drive in two days.

* extent:
    to an extent : 某种程度
    to a large extent : 很大程度
    to some extent : 一定程度
I do agree with him to an extent.
Its success will depend to a large extent on local attitudes.
What you say is true to some extent, but it's not the whole picture.
Getting this job will relieve pressure on my life to some extent.

#L85: Never too old to learn
##一般将来时 will be / 将来进行时 will be doing / 将来完成进行时 will have been doing
I believe that I will be living happily.
After getting off work, I will be waiting for you at the station. 
I will be working at a decent company.
This project will have been finishing its half function next week.
By then, I shall have been living in Beijing for over 40 years.
If Kobe gets two points again, he will have been getting 80 points in this game.
The laziest one will be fired next month.

#L86: Out of control
##过去完成时 had done / 过去完成进行时 had been doing 
All those who had been infected by the coronavirus must be isolated.
She had gone abroad to travel last week.
I had already been learning English for the last year.
She had been sleeping on my bed for two hours until I had had dinner.
By yesterday I had already been working at this firm for one year.

#L87: A perfect alibi
##直接/间接引语 : 两种向别人转述的方式
She said, "I will get back next week."
She said that she would get back the next week.
She said, "Are you busy, John?"
She asked John whether he was busy.
He asked me, "Where did you buy this Chinese-English dictionary?"
He asked me where I had bought that Chinese-English dictionary.
She asked, "Are you handsome?"
She asked me whether I am handsome.
Let me remind you that you have been disqualified from the match.
He suggested that you should bribe him $1,000.

#L88: Trapped in a mine
##if虚拟语气: 非真实条件句
  - 与 现在 / 过去 事实相反: 已经发生的
  - 将来:  发生概率很小 
If I had the money now, I would buy a new car. (与现在事实相反)
If I were you, I would not buy a laptop.
If you knew how difficult it was to learn coding yourself, you would give up. 

If John had worked hard, he would have passed his examination. (与过去事实相反)
If I had not hurried to decorate my house, I would not have been cheated two thousand dollars.

If an asteroid should hit the earth, man could die out. (将来:概率小)
If he should come here tomorrow, I would talk to him.
If she should come here tomorrow, I would happy to see her.
If I could marry this year, I would buy furniture next month.

##if假设条件句: 如果...就会...(没发生的)
If it rains, the match will be taken off.
If you lose your job, you will feel very miserable.
If I propose to her, she may accept it.

#L89: A slip of the tongue
##情态动词: Must / Have to / Need / Should
need not(needn't) : 不必...
should have done : 本应该..., 而实际没有(虚拟语气)
should be...: 应该...
must be...: 必须...
have to...: 必须(不得不)...
must have been: 肯定...

I think I needn't go to the party.
He should have performed a father's responsibility.
I should have dinner now.
You must have a good rest now. 
I have to get to work on time.
These people must have not been kindness.
Those people who should have arrested are ruling this country.

* present v. / adj. / n.
He has brought much of the present crisis on himself. (adj.)
I'm looking for a present for Mark. (n.)
A further obstacle has presented itself, however. (v.)
We presented three options to the unions for discussion. (v.)
There would be presented a parade in Beijing.
At that time, there will be present many people.

#L90: What's for supper?
##have的用法:
  have sth done : 使...(被怎么样)
  have to do: 不得不...
  现在完成时: have/has done 一直/已经/曾经...
  现在完成时被动语态: have been done 曾经被...

I have always been a good man.
I have always been working hard.
I have been to a gym this morning.
You have just terrified me.
They had eaten lunch cooked by me.

He has our company suffered a loss of profits.
This program has my laptop's system crashed.

I have to finish my work today.

I have ever been teased by my colleague.
This city has been invaded many years ago.
She has been cheated before.

* ask sb to do: 让某人做某事
She asked me to pick up the baby after work.
I asked my colleague to buy my lunch.

#L91: Three men in a basket
##Can (可能性/有能力) / Be able to (有能力) / Manage to (努力设法去做)
I think that he might dunk.
I believe I can overcome this situation.
I wonder whether he can dunk.
I believe he will be able to dunk when he grows up.
I told him that we would be able to finish this project later.
I manage to use all sorts of ways to promote the speed of my English learning.
I manage to avoid meeting the security guard who is standing around our gate.

* can be / might be doing(推测)
Everybody all can be an honest person and should be. 
You can't be serious?
He said she might be shopping now.

* make out: 辨认出,看出
I could make out you are drunk.
When you arrive at the airport, you can make out me easily.

#L92: Asking for trouble
##动名词doing(做名词用)
  by doing ...
  begin / need / regret / enjoy / busy / mind  + doing ...
I believe the knowledge of a person could be promoted by reading a lot of books.
I began learning English when I was twelve.
You need to relax a little every night.
I think you need relaxing at night.
I regretted drinking so much last night.
I enjoy listening to music when I driving my car. 
I have busied learning software development this year.
Would you mind smoking here I am? Yes, I do mind.
At the party, the laughing was filled with the house.

#L93: A noble gift
##被动语态: 
  was/were done
  was/were + being + done
  is/are + being + done
  shall/will + be + done
  have/has + been + done
  had been done
  had to be done: 必须被...
There are two pandas were presented to Japan by China.
This clock was taken to pieces by the children.
My former boss was arrested for frauding last year.
My house was being built last October.
My house is being built now.
This sort of country will be invaded by any country.
Those people who think they're smart has been brainwashed.
The moral had already been distorted in this city ten years ago.
These people must be fired before the company goes public.
These bugs had to be solved before the system goes online.
In 2015, this house had been built.

#L94: Future champions
* instruct
Dogs can be instructed in searching for drugs.
These prisoners can be instructed in building the bridge.
I arrived at the office at 8 o'clock as instructed.
The phone call instructed him to report to the CEO immediately.

* compete in/against/with/for...
We must compete against each other to gain that job.
I regularly compete in basketball.
We can't compete with them on price.

* gasp n. / v.
I gasp with pain when I was cooking dinner cutting my finger.
We gasped in astonishment at the news.
He gasped with pain and slumped forward.
She was gasping with pain.
The cold made her gasp.

* breath n. /breθ/
  breathe v./briːð/ 
Let your breath out slowly.
Alex took a deep breath, then jumped into the pool.
The room filled with smoke, and it was becoming difficult to breathe.
He stood there breathing deeply and evenly.
I take a deep breath after I go into(=enter) the park.

* It is not long before...
It is not long before they would show their nature.
It is not long before the coronavirus is so adapted to the environment that it can infect hundreds of thousands of people.

#L95: A fantacy
* set... on fire: 放火
Edie set Susan's house on fire.

* definitely adv.
I definitely remember sending the mail.
'Yes, definitely.'
'Definitely not!'

#L96: The dead return
* lantern n.
A lantern lit the small room.

* spectacle n.
It was a spectacle not to be missed.
a pair of spectacles (= a pair of glasses)
This is a moving spectacle, for a little girl gently hugging a little kitten with smiling.

* expected v. / adj.
I expected she will be home at 6 o'clock.
You were expected to finish that job.
Double the expected number of people who came to the meeting.

* lay out
In the supermarket, many of fruit is laid out for choosing by people.