##Unit19
#Lesson1: Talking about yourself
* keywords: went to / at(in) / first worked / work as 

Where did she go?
She went to the park.
She went to the office.
She went to the restaurant.
Where is she?
She's in the park.
She's at the station.
She's at home.

Where did you first work, Bryan?
I first worked in an office.
What did you do?
I collected the newspapers according to the customers's need.
How did you like it?
I hated it.
What did you do then?
I went to college.
What do you do now?
I work as a programmer.
How do you like it?
I love my job.

High school:
I'd like to do an interview with you, Bryan.
Sure.
How did you do at high school?
I'm medium at school.
Did you get good grades?
No, I didn't.
What was your best subject?
Music. I was good at music.
After school:
What did you do after you left high school?
I went to college.
And after that?
I was in graduate school in Beihang, from 2014 to 2017.
First job:
Who did you first work for?
I first worked for China Mobile.
How did you do there?
Well, I started as a system engineer, but I became a project manager.
Why did you quit?
I felt that I needed a change.
What did you do?
Current job:
I applied to the AI Robot Company.
Mrs.Claire interviewed me.
What do you do now?
Now I'm a tech manager.
How do you like your job?
I love it!

Where did you go on your last trip?
I went to Chongqing.
Where are you?
I'm at home.
Where did your first match, Bryan?
I first played a game in high school.
How did you first drive on the road, Bryan?
I first drove on the street very dangerously.

#Lesson2: Talking about others
* keywords: have to / had to / said that / told me that

I had to train myself.
Did you have to train on Saturday?
No, I didn't (have to).
Why did you have to go to the hospital?
She said she had to check up.
She told me that she had to check up.

What did Claire tell you?
She told me that she used to work in a small company.
She said that she had to work overtime every day.
She hated it, so she quit.
Then she worked in a factory where processed pork.
After that she went to college and she got a job as an editor.
She said she really loves her job.

What was her first job?
She used to be a novelist.
She said she loves her job.
What did she tell you?
She told me that she had to break up with her boyfriend.
Why did she do that?
She said that her boyfriend had cheated her.
She moved out of his house.
She dropped his all stuff.
She went to Australia.
After that, she met a handsome man.

#Lesson3: Polite requests
* keywords: Turn on / Turn off / Put(Choose,Add,Drain,Toss,Serve)... 
            Either...or...
            First, ...Then,...Next,...After that,... 
            What are you doing? / What are you going to do?

If you want to develop software, this is what you do:
First, you need to communicate with your clients and acquire the real needs of the software.
Then, analyze the demands.
Next, either write down the requirements document or draw the flow chart.
Then, start developing the program divided into modules.
After that, test the program after finishing the development.

What are you doing?
I'm turning on the computer.
What are you going to do?
I'm turning on the game program.
What are you doing now?
I'm inviting my friends in the game.
And what are you going to do next?
I'm going to play the game.

##Unit20
#Lesson1: Routes
* keywords: Route 9 North / Drive north on / Take / Make / Go straight till.../ Go over / Go up / Keep on...until / across / down / Over / back over / back towards / back across / south to / south on

How do I get there?
How do I get to the airport?
Drive north on Route 1.
Take Route 4 east.
Go over the Zhongguancun Bridge.
Keep on the Route 4 until you get to Wanghe Bridge.
Take the exit by Jingcheng.
Go up the ramp.
That's back over the bridge.
Go straight till you come to the Jingcheng highway.
Then take the entering of Jingcheng highway and down the highway about 10 miles
You'll see the signs for Airport North highway.
Then make a right.
That's east on Airport North highway.
Then it's just down the highway about 10 miles.
You cross the Qinghe Bridge.
Back towards Shunyi.
Then east to Route Tongshun.
That's south on Route Shunhe.
Yard No.9 is about halfway down the block, on the right.

Did Bryan have to drive out of town the other day?
What did Bryan have to do the other day?
Why did Bryan have to drive out of town?
Where did he have to drive?

#Lesson2: Ago, since and for
* keywords: ago / since / for
            have(has) been / had been (done)
            How long ago did...? / How long has it been since...? / When did...?

How long ago did you stay at home?
Two months ago.
Since the coronavirus spread, I can't exercise outside and I can't get to work.
How long has it been since the virus outbreak?
It's been two months.
There had been claimed 1,000 people a month ago.
When did the inhabitant get isolated?
The inhabitant got isolated a month ago.
The number of infected had already overcome 40,000 by the last week.

#Lesson3: Descrbing things
* keywords: This is... / with / There are...
            It has... / It's got... / It's...
            How do you like it?

A new apartment: (Living room, Dining room, Kitchen, Bedroom, Bathroom)
This is it.
It's three rooms and a bath.
It's a north-south all-transparent.
The entrance hall leads to a nice big living room.
This is the living room.
It faces south and gets a lot of light.
The dining room is through here.
It's a good size and leads to the kitchen.
It's terrific!
There are lots of cupboards, a cooker, and an oven.
And this is the bedroom.
It's really large and lots of closet space.
It has its own bathroom.
There's a washer next to the bathroom.
How do you like it?

A new laptop:
So this is your new laptop!
How do you like it?
It's great.
It's got a full-size keyboard and a 1080p screen.
It has a 200 gigabytes SSD and two disk docks.
It has 8 gigabytes ram.
And it comes with this nice bag.
I just love it.

A new car:
So what's your new car like, Bryan?
I'm very pleased with it.
What make is it?
It's a Mazda.
It's got four doors and there's plenty of spaces for five passengers.
It's got a medium trunk, too.
How about the engine?
It's a powerful 20,000 engine, big enough for a car this size.
It's very sporty!
This car has an automatic transmission.
It looks so cool and excellent safety features, anti-lock breaks and airbags.
It sounds great!

A favorite recipe:
So tell me about this soup, Bryan.
It's a wonderful dish and so easy to make.
What's it made from?
You need flour and egg, potatoes, tomatoes, and chicken.
Then what?
Basically, you just mix the flour and egg, heat the potatoes, tomatoes, and the chicken with the other ingredients.
It sounds delicious!
It is delicious!

Shunyi xincheng forest park:
area,facility,river


##Unit21
#Lesson1: Likes and dislikes
* keywords: I like the way(the scene)...does... / I love the scene where...does
            I liked the way...did... / I liked the scene where...did...
            I didn't like the way... / I don't like the... (that/where...)...
            How did you like the...?

How did you like Tuanzi's game live?
Oh, I loved it. How about you, Bryan?
It's fun.
I like the way the game live begins.
I like the way she killed her teammates in the game.
She was very funny.
I liked the scene where she talked about the story.
I loved the scene where she was killed in the game.
She was great at that.
But we don't know why she has such a strong sense of humor.
I didn't like the scene where she advertised.

I like the way the fishes swim in the tank.
I like the way this car drive.

Is Claire making much money?
Why isn't Claire driving the car?
Does Claire work for an accountant?
Who does Claire work for?

#Lesson2: Talking about others
* keywords: I like the way he... / I don't like the way he...
            I like the way he always... / I don't like the way he never...

So what do you think of Claire?
I really like her.
So what do you like in particular?
Well, I like the way she's smiles. (has smiles)
And what else?
I like the way she's dependable, too.
I like the way she tells jokes.
I like the way she sings songs.

What don't you like in particular?
I don't like the way she loses her temper after drinking.
I don't like the way she shouts at the neighbor, either.
I don't like the way she complains all the time.

I like the way she always makes me laugh.
I like the way she always understands my point of view.
I like the way she always respects my opinions.

So you're Claire's boyfriend.
What do you think of her?
Well, she's a good partner, on the whole, but there are some things I don't like.
What don't you like in particular?
Well, I don't like the way she never reads books.
And what else?
I don't like the way she never does housework.

#Lesson3: On the scene
Tell an event (a story):
* keywords: do,does / did
            be doing / be going to do / can,can't / was doing / Meanwhile

You would not believe what just happened to me.
At the airport, I'm waiting for the security check before departure.
I get off my coat.
I take out all my belongings.
After going through security, the girl behind me in line talks to me with English.
She comes from Mongolia.
She said that she can't speak Chinese.
She asks me to take her to the plane.
On the way to the plane, she told me that she's a dancer.
I like the way she's smiles.
I like the way she's looks.
I told her I was going to Chongqing on business.
On the plane, we found our seats were next to each other.
Unbelievable!

##Unit22
#Lesson1: Talking about yourself
* keywords: do,does / go doing / once a week(three times a week) / rather than / and / keep / get / eat / have / drink / take / enjoy
            don't do / too much / never / love
            How often do you do that? / 

I work hard to stay in my shape.
What do you do?
Well, I get plenty of exercises.
I get plenty of methods to exercise indoors.
Such as?
I work out in a gym.
I play basketball.
How often do you do that?
Three times a week.
What else do you do?
I keep regular hours?
What do you mean, "regular hours"?
I get up early and go to bed early.
I sleep eight hours a night.
I go running.
How often do you do that?
I run every day.
I enjoy my free time.
I eat healthy, balanced meals.
I eat fresh food and vegetables.
I drink green tea rather than coffee.
I drink very little alcohol.  
Watch and learn!

You really let yourself go.
Do you keep regular hours?
No, I don't.
You never go to a gym.
You don't get much exercise.
That's bad, really bad.
You watch too much TV.
You never go swimming.
You don't eat enough vegetables.
You love sweet soft drinks.

#Lesson2: Talking about others
* keywords: He says he does(doesn't)... / He told me he does...
            He said he did... / He told me he did...

So what did Claire tell you, Bryan?
She told me she works hard to stay in shape.
She says she gets plenty of exercises.
How often does she do that?
She told me she goes rollerblading once a week.  
She says she goes swimming on weekends.
She told me she has a healthy breakfast.
She says she eats fish rather than meat.
She told me she takes vacations regularly.

What else did she say?
She says she never goes to a gym.
She told me she never smokes.
She says she works long hours.
She said she doesn't watch too much TV.
She said she never goes cycling.
She said she likes fast food.

#Lesson3: Polite requests
* keywords: If you do(hear/lose/miss/take/have...)..., do...
            If you do..., don't...
            If you do..., you do / should do / have to do / can...
            If you do..., you don't / shouldn't / mustn't do / can't... 
            What do I have to do if I do...? / Don't...

Look at the traffic light.
If you see the red light, stop your car.
If you see the red light, you have to stop your car.
If you see the red light, you mustn't through the crossroads.
If you see the yellow light, you should slow down.
If you see the green light, you can through the crossroads.

What do I have to do if I feel uncomfortable?
Close the window.
Shutdown your laptop.
Don't work.
If you feel a headache, take a rest.
If you feel a headache, you should get in bed.
If you feel stomach, you have to see the doctor.
If you have a fever, you mustn't get to work.
If you take a subway, you have to wear a mask.
If you forget to take your mask, don't take the subway. Drive yourself.

##Unit23
#Lesson1: Train schedules
* keywords: 
    Schedules,timetables,programs,etc.(FUTURE): ...do/does(leaves,arrives,open,close,begins,ends) + at...a.m./p.m.
    Scheduled(FUTURE): am/is/are just doing(leaving,arriving,opening,closing,beginning,closing)...
    There is...that...

The concert begins at 7 o'clock.
The flight leaves at 3 o'clock.
The meeting begins at 10 o'clock.
Our date set at 3 p.m. on Saturday.

Party schedule:
1. The party begins at 8 o'clock.
2. Beyonce sings at 8:30.
3. Tony's talk show is at 9 o'clock.
4. David shows his magic at 10 o'clock.
5. XiaoZhu dances at 11 o'clock.
6. The party ends at 12 o'clock.

The stores are just closing.
They are dying.
She is just leaving.
The flight is just arriving.
The conference is just ending.

There is a flight that goes Boston tomorrow.
It leaves at 3:05 a.m and arrives at 6:15 p.m.

#Lesson2: Life stories
* keywords: was,were / did / had / have,has been / had done
            First...Then...before/after that...
            in / ago / last 
            since / for 
            What did you(he,she) do...? / How long ago did you...?
            Where were you born? / How long were you there?

Whatever happened to him?
Whoever told you that?
How long ago did you work for China Mobile?
How long have you worked for China Mobile?
Where did you work last year? 

Do you know Mr.Bryan?
Yes, I know him very much.
What can you tell me about him? Yes, of course.
Where was Bryan born?
He was born in Beijing.
How old was he when he left school?
He left school when he was 22.
What did he do after he left school?
After that, he trained as a system engineer.
Where did he fist work?
He worked at China Mobile.
How long did he work there? What did he do after that? What did he become?
After six months, he took a tech job. He became a system engineer.
He became Bryan the Engineer.
Where did he go?
Then he went to the U.S.

Where were you born, Bryan?
I was born in Beijing.
Did you go to school there?
That's right. I finished high school when I was eighteen.
What did you do then?
I went to college, I majored in Computer Science.
Not bad. And after that?
I went to graduate school at Beihang University, from 2013 to 2017.
Who did you first work for? What did your first work?
I first worked for China Mobile.
How long were you there?
I was there for three years.
You became Project manager.

What did you major when you go to college?
I majored in Computers when I went to college.
After that, did you work in Beijing?
Where did you first work for?
Yes, I worked in Beijing.
What did you first work?
I first worked in China Mobile.
How long ago did you work there?
I worked there three years ago.
How long have you been there?
I've been there for three years.
I've been there since 2014.

Have you ever traveled to Thailand?
Yes, I have.
How long ago did you travel to Thailand?
I went there 20 years ago.
Did you go to Bangkok?
Yes, I did.
What did you do when you in Bangkok?
I went to see the performance when I was there.
After that, where were you been?
After that, I went to Pattaya.
How long were you there?
I was there for two weeks.

#Lesson3: The city and the country
* keywords: have + n.
        Have: take,enjoy,experience,eat

Have a nice day!
I always have cream in my coffee.
We're having a great time.
We had dinner at a nice restaurant last night.
I was having a bath when the phone rang.
I have just had an amazing experience.

I have a car.
Do you have a car?
I'm having a nice time.
You are having a difficult time.
I have finished work.
I had finished work before you arrived.
I have had this car for ten years.
We have had a nice time.

What are you having, Bryan?
I'm having a cake.
How about you?
I'm having a pizza.
Are you having anything to drink?
Yes, I'm having a glass of beer.

How was the restaurant, Claire?
Very good!
What did you have?
I had the eggplant.
I had the chicken.
What did Bryan have?
He had seafood and fries.

Did you have a good time in Chongqing?
Not bad.
What did you do there?
We stayed at a low-grade hotel.
It was right at the edge of the city.
We walked to the office.
We saw a plenty of odd buildings.
We had meals at some local restaurants.
We went shopping: clothes, food, drink.
There was very humid.

I had a day off.
We had a picnic beside a small lake and Claire had a good rest.

I have an apple.
Did you have anything?
I had a cup of tea and had a good rest.
After getting home, I had a shower with satisfaction.
I remember that we have had an appointment at the concert.

##Unit24
#Lesson1: Likes and dislikes
* keywords: 
        If he(she) be going to do / wants..., he(she) always... I like that.
        If he(she) be going to do / wants..., he(she) never...  I don't like that. / I don't like it at all. / I hate that.

If Claire's going to relax at home.
She always runs some light music and has a cup of coffee on the couch.
I like that.
If Claire wants to buy something on the internet.
She always asks me if I would agree or if I would have some advice.
I like that.

If Claire's going to decorate our house, she never asks me what I like or dislike and she doesn't care what I think.
I don't like that.
If Claire wants to go shopping, she always keeps me waiting and takes a long time to choose what she wants.
She never thinks(worries) about the clothes' price.
I don't like it at all. I hate that.

#Lesson2: Wants and needs
* keywords: I want...that... / I want...with...
            There is something...that...
            It has to be...(and)... / It has to have...(and)... 
            It must be... / It's got to...(=It has to...)
            What sort of(kind of)...are you looking for? 

What sort of bed are you looking for?
I want a bed that felt very comfortable.
I want something with a mattress and two bedside lamps.
I want a large bed with a mattress that I can put it into the main bedroom.
Any particular make?
It has to be made by walnut.
It's got to be very comfortable.
It has to have a mattress in which has individual springs.
It must be large enough for two.
It's 1.8m by 2.0m.
How much do you want to spend?
Not more than $600.

#Lesson3: Reporting
* keywords: Nina tells me / says (that) she is/does/have done/cant't...
            Nina told me / said (that) she was/did/had done/couldn't do...
            What does Sharon say? / What does Sharon tell you?
            What did Sharon say? / What did Sharon tell you?

What does Claire say? 
She says she's very tired.
What does Claire tell you?
She tells me she's very tired.
She says she wants to have a rest.
She tells me she wants to have a rest.
She says she has finished her job.
She tells me she has finished her job.
She says she can't stay at home.
She tells me she can't stay at home.

What did Claire say?
She said she was very excited about the concert.
What did Claire tell you?
She told me she was very excited about the concert.
She said she liked that singer.
She told me she liked that singer.
She said she has bought all of his albums.
She told me she has bought all of his albums.
She said she couldn't wait to see his next performance.
She told me she couldn't wait to see his next performance.

##Unit25
#Lesson1: Talking about yourself
* keywords: What do you think (about)...? / What's your opinion (about)...?
            I think (that)... / In my opinion... / That's my opinion. / That's what I think. / That's your opinion. / That's what you think.
            I agree (with you). / I couldn't agree (with you) more. / I'm with you (on that). / I'm (all) for... / It's true that...
            I'm not so sure. / You have a point, but... / I don't think so. / I'm both for and against... / It isn't always true that...
            I disagree. / I don't agree (with you). / I completely disagree. / I'm not with you (on that). / I'm against... / It (just) isn't true that... 
            Take this (for example). / Consider this. / How about this? / What about this?

What do you think about basketball?
I think basketball is an exciting and wonderful sport.
I agree with you. 
I couldn't agree with you more.
I don't think so.
It isn't always true that.
I think it's easy to get hurt playing basketball.
I disagree. I completely disagree.
I'm not with you on that.
I think only if you can play basketball very well can you unhurt of it.
That's my opinion.
Basketball is exciting.
I enjoy the feeling when I consecutive hit 3-points in-game.
Not as exciting as soccer.
But the rate of injuring in basketball is less than soccer.
Take table tennis, a game of skill, finesse, strategy, wits.
You have a point but in my opinion: table tennis hasn't team cooperation.
That's your opinion.
How about mixed doubles.

#Lesson2: Talking about others
* keywords: Sb thinks/believes/feels there should be more/fewer...
                                     there are       too many / too few / not enough...right now.
                                     there should be more/less...
                                     there is        too much / too little / not enough...right now.

How can we prevent the coronavirus?
I think there should be fewer family gatherings.
There are too many right now.
What's your opinion, Claire?
I agree with you absolutely.
And I think there should be more security guards at the gate of every community.
What do you think, Bryan?
I disagree completely.
I feel there should be fewer security guards.
There are too many right now.
I believe there should be more professional training for those security guards.
It is too little right now.
I feel there should verify the quality of those security guards.
There are too many and too stupid.
Tony thinks there should eliminate all of the security guards.
He believes there should be replaced by machines.
He feels there should be more masks in the pharmacy.
There are too few right now.
There are not enough right now. 

#Lesson3: Polite requests
* keywords: ...have sth done
            ...am/is/are having sth done.
            ...had sth done.
            ...have had sth done.
            ...be going to have sth done.
            ...should have sth done.

Has your car washed?
I washed my car this morning
I have my car washed this morning.
I'm having the whole place rewired.
I'm having my home remodeled.
I'm going to cut my hair.
She's going to have her hair cut.
He's going to have his tooth cured.
I'm going to have my home decorated.
I have had the project finished.
You should have your car fixed.
I should have my home decorated.

##Unit26
#Lesson1: Movements and directions
* keywords: 
      FUTURE: when, after, before 
      movements v. + prep. : go + to, into, out of 
                                  along, behind, in front of, across, through, under/over, opposite, up/down, between...
      position v. + prep. : I'll wait + at/in, on, in/inside, outside
                            It's along, behind, in front of, across, through, under/over, opposite, up/down, between

When you arrive at the court, show your identity card.
Take this medicine before you get in bed.
After you enter the building, turn left to the office.

Shall I meet you inside the mall or outside the mall after I arrive?
Inside the mall would be the best.
So where exactly shall we meet?

Go to the mall.
Come into the mall.
Walk to the coffee bar.
How do I get there?
Go across the river.
Go down the street.
Go over the bridge.

The bar on the ground floor.
It's behind the jewelry.
It's opposite the grocery.
It's under the bridge.
It's along the corridor.
It's between those two houses.

#Lesson2: Schedules
* keywords: I'll be away/back on,in,about,around,during,for,before,after
                some time before,some time after
                by(the end of),from...to...,until,till...,between...and...
            I won't be back until/till... / I won't be back until after/till after...

I did a lot of work while he was here. (while conj.)
It was very hot during the summer. (during prep.)
I haven't seen him for two weeks.
I haven't seen him since I left there.

How long do you want to away, Claire?
For a couple of weeks in July.
I'm not back from my vacation until August 2nd.
I'll be away on Thursday.
She'll be back in June.
He'll be away on Wednesday, October 30th.
They'll be away about the beginning of March.
We'll be back around the end of September.
He'll go abroad during February.
She'll be back before the beginning of December.
He'll be away after the end of this month.
They'll be back some time before January 1st.
They'll be away some time after May 23rd.
I'll find a job by the end of this month.
I'll be away from July 21st to August 3rd.
I'll be away until July 22nd.
I'll be back between July 11th and September 22nd.

#Lesson3: Big issues
* keywords: have to / but / do,does / can,can't / have,has / will be / want
            That's (where/what)... / There is,are... / more than / know that
            What / How

What are you going to do after the virus alert relief?
I have to finish my English course, then I look for a job.
How can you sure that you won't be infected by coronavirus?
When I go outside, I drive alone to the destination as possible as I can.
If I must go by subway, I take a mask and a pair of glasses before I get in.
I have to stay alert all the time.
I will keep away from gathering.
But no one can completely avoid contacting this kind of toxic culture, so I know that I must keep self-protection forever.
There are so many people can hurt you.
People living in this country face so many kinds of dangers.
I must prevent being fooled.
I must prevent being cheated.
I must prevent being infected by the virus.
That's what the self-protection mechanism I have.

##Unit27
#Lesson1: Agreement and disagreement
* keywords: myself,yourself,himself,herself,itself
            ourselves,yourselves,themselves
            enjoy/help myself...
            Do you...yourself?
            by himself

I think exercising is very important to everybody, so if you haven't the condition to do it, you should create the condition to do it by yourself.
I always enjoy myself at home.
Do you have to do it yourself?
Have you washed the car by yourself?
I think they should help themselves to finish this job.
Can't this machine fix itself?
He enjoys himself in the garden.
She enjoys herself in the game.
I enjoy myself at work.
They can ruin themselves.

#Lesson2: Wants and needs
* keywords: some, any, more, less, adj.+ er, in, with
            someone, somebody, something, somewhere
            anyone,  anybody,  anything,  anywhere
            no one,  nobody,   nothing,   nowhere
            everyone,everybody,everything,everywhere

I'd like to see some fountain pens.
What kind of thing did you have in mind?
Do you have anything in silver?
We have something in gold.
We don't have anything in silver.
We have nothing in silver.
Do you have any ballpoints?
Do you have anything less heavy?
Do you have anything smaller?
We have something smaller.
Do you have anything bigger?
We don't have anything bigger.
Something with a wide point.
I can't find my fountain pen anywhere.
Sit anywhere you like.
I've looked everywhere but I can't find the map.
I have no job and nowhere to live.
Nowhere is drug abuse more of a problem than in the US.
Because of the coronavirus, there is nobody to play basketball and nowhere to play.

#Lesson3: Reporting
* keywords: tells me/says (that)... will/may/can/can't/should/have to...
            told me/said (that)... would/might/could/couldn't/should/had to

She tells me she will exercise every day.
She says they will offer you that job.
She told me she would exercise every day.
She said they would offer you that job.
He tells me they may fire you.
He says they may fire you.
He told me they might fire you.
He said they might fire you.
She tells me she can afford that car.
She says she can afford that car.
She told me she could afford that car.
She said she could afford that car.
He tells me they can't finish that project.
He says they can't finish that project.
He told me they couldn't finish that project.
He said they couldn't finish that project.
She tells me you should have a rest.
She says you should have a rest.
She told me you should have a rest.
She said you should have a rest.
He tells me they have to chip in for the lunch.
He says they have to chip in for the lunch.
He told me they had to chip in for the lunch.
He said they had to chip in for the lunch.

Claire said she had arrived at New York.
Tony tells me they have left.
Mark says Claire will go away on Friday.