##Unit46
#Lesson1: Confession
* keywords: noun. adj.
    - actor,assitant,driver,engineer,historian,pianist
      Bostonian,New Yorker,Roman
    - agreement,arrival,behavior,discovery,knowledge,possession
      absence,activity,anxiety,happiness
      childhood,kingdom,spoonful,sexism,relationship,freedom,backache

    - manageable,permissible,careful,careless,athletic,foolish,attractive,friendly
    - unattractive,immoral,incredible,dishonest,illegal,irresponsible

I'm perfectly sane.
I don't know why you're so embarrassed.
It's just humiliating.
You're very cute when you're depressed.
It is possible you have very poor taste in men?
And I'm unfriendly and unattractive?
Freedom to bare your soul.
At what point do "children" act as "parents" to their parents?

NOUN.
an actor, a jazz pianist
listener, actress, coder, musician, composer, inhabitant, killer, singer, dancer, linguist, scientist, physicist

Pekingese, southerner, Indians, Norwegian

heater, commutation, disgreement, installment, approval, interior, warrior, bumpy, funny, delivery, caution, action, detective, computer

presence, regularity, certainty, beauty, sadness

fatherhood, motherhood, wisdom, restful, helpful, childless, tireless, alcoholic, sarcasm, racism, friendship, boredom, victory

ADJ.
washable, loveable, comfortable, restful, eventful, tasteless, friendless, photographic, spanish, selfish, tallish, explosive, motherly, cowardly

unable, untruth, impossible, insensitive, illogical, irregular, inhuman, unattractive

#Lesson2: Surprise pudding
* keywords: Quantifiers
    - There aren't many...
      There isn't much...
      There are a lot of / lots of ...
      There is a lot of / lots of...
    - (very) few
      (very) little
    - a few
      a little
    - fewer
      less

I wish there were fewer walnuts in this pudding.
She doesn't even put in as many as she wants.
a family heirloom
There's just a little less pudding to go around.
There are a lot of guests.
There's plenty to go around.
lots of plates and glasses
And there isn't much time before they arrive.
Only a little at a time. (chocolate)
When you get to my age, you like sweet things less and less.

There aren't many apples in the fridge.
There aren't any apples in the fridge.
Are there any apples in the fridge?
There are a lot of apples in the fridge.
There isn't much milk in the fridge.
There are lots of eggs in the fridge.
There is a lot of beer in the fridge.

Claire has (very) few books.
few days, few seconds, few possessions, few drinks, few people
Claire drinks (very) little water today.
little doubt, little attention to, little money, little kindness

She wants to read a few books this year.
a few people, a few cars, a few apples, a few lights, a few walnuts
She wants to drink a little coffee this morning.
a little time, a little water, a little milk, a little oil

There are fewer cars on the highway.
Urban usually has fewer trees than in the countryside.
This contains fewer calories.
This cake contains less sugar.
You should eat less salt.
Honesty is less and less in this country.

#Lesson3: Birthday girl
* keywords: 
    - who, which/that:
      She's the woman who runs those tennis classes.
      It's the jacket (which/that) I love.
    - who / that:
      I am the only person who/that can beat you at tennis.
    - which / that:
      Here is a gift which/that will help you play better.

squash v.
This isn't the present that you really want.
And the next person who brings it up gets no cake.
Happy Birthday from the only person who can beat you at tennis.
She's that woman who runs those intense tennis clinics in Florida.
It's the album that contains all my favorite photos.
She's the woman who lives next door.
How did you know I wanted it?

She's the woman who cheated me.
They are the men who were slaved by the money.
He's the man I despise.
It's the car that I want to drive.
That's the job which I don't like.
This is the phone I bought.

He is the only man (who) I can't beat.
She is the only woman who can solve this problem.
They are the customers who really love our products.
He is the driver who crashed the tree.
She is the singer I like very much.

I want to find a job which is stable and suit me.
That's the song I can sing well.
I've just bought a house that is very expensive.
That's the car I like.
I'm reading a novel which is pretty attractive.
That's the quaint house I'm dreaming to own.
They are the cats which live next door.
This is the jacket I love best.

##Unit47
#Lesson1: Left out
* keywords: adv.
    - VIEWPOINT ADV.: adv. + sentence
      (I'm sure): clearly, definitely, honestly, natually, obviously, really, strictly speaking
      (I'm going to be brief): anyhow = anyway, briefly, in brief, in effect, in a few words, in short
      (I'm expression an opinion): as far as I'm concerned, frankly, in my opinion
    - CONNECTING ADV.: ... + adv. + ...
      (I'm adding sth): in addition, again, moreover, besides, needless to say
      (I'm comparing/contrasting): as compared to, equally, however, in reality
      (I'm summarizing): all in all, and so on, essentially, in conclusion, in effect
    - INVERSION AFTER NEGATIVE ADV.:
      hardly, barely, never, rarely, seldom, little
      Never have I seen...
      Little does she realize...

That was painless.(easy)
I grant you.
You can practice on mine for the time being.
Really, mom, come over anytime.
Naturally.
And again when she's eighteen?
Definitely.
Anyhow mom, you spoil her all the time.
And so I should.
After all, she's my only granddaughter.
Didn't you have a backup?
Normally, I back up everything.
Unfortunately, I didn't this time.
How tedious for you!
More haste, less speed.
Precisely.

Clearly, I believe them is very stupid.
I definitely need a holiday.
Definitely not.
Honestly, I don't know anything about it.
Naturally, you should discuss this with your wife.
Obviously, this is going to take some time.
I really don't mind.
Strictly speaking, spiders are not insects.

Anyway, why didn’t you call the police?
Briefly, I think we should accept their offer.
We should, in brief, invest heavily in digital systems.
In brief, take no risks.
In effect, we'll be earning less than we were last year.
In a few words, you should quit this job.
In short, you must redo your work.

As far as I am concerned, music is my life.
Frankly, I think the Internet is overrated.
Frankly, I find you're an idiot.
In my opinion, the law should be changed. 

The company provides cheap Internet access. In addition, it makes shareware freely available.
The fake interview is wasting my time. In addition, it makes me feel very angry.
And again, these workshops will benefit the community widely.
The rent is reasonable and, moreover, the location is perfect.
I think she has many good qualities besides being very beautiful.
Needless to say, you really need to get a job.

My own problems seem insignificant compared with other people's.
Standards in health care have improved enormously compared to 40 years ago.
I find I'm very special as compare to others in this country.

All these techniques are equally effective.
A bank's local market share tends to be divided equally between the local branch and branches located elsewhere.
The toxic culture invades people's mind equally between poors and richs.
This is a cheap and simple process. However, there are dangers.
In reality, violent crimes are still extremely rare.
He came across as streetwise, but in reality he was not.

All in all, it had been one of the most miserable days of Bryan's life.
We discussed everything— when to go, what to see and so on.
Essentially, we are talking about the cold war period.
In conclusion, I would like to say how much I have enjoyed myself today.
That deal would create, in effect, the world's biggest airline.
This decision would make, in effect, the more loss to our company.

Hardly had I got in the house when the phone rang.
Hardly had I gone outside when it began raining.
Barely had I got the airport when the flight set off.
We barely had time to catch the train.
Never in all my life have I felt so humiliated.
Never in all my life have I felt so angry.
Rarely is the customer consulted on the changes.
Rarely is the interviewer asked this kind of question.
Seldom have I read an article that was so full of lies.
Seldom have I come across this kind of thing that was so wired.
Little is known about the causes of the problem.
Little is honesty just like me.

#Lesson2: Danny's the man
* keywords: Phrasal verbs
  - verb. + prep. + Object : 
      I asked her for her number.
      We came across a sign to...
      Look at this photo.
  - verb. + adv particle. : NON-IDIOMATIC
      Tony called up his friends.   Danny put on his shoes.
      Tony called his friends up.   Danny put his shoes on.
      Tony called them up.          Danny put them on.
      He called her up.
      take off, turn on, turn off
  - verb. + adv particle. : IDIOMATIC
      Tony brought up the subject.
      Tony brought the subject up.
      Tony brought it up.
      They brought up a large family.

Showing a little initiative.
I met her back at your dinner.
I struck out.
We're going away for a weekend in a couple of weeks.
I lose out to my old pal.
The indignity of it.
The customer comes into the store.
Picks up a CD. Listens to it.
He works for his dad.
Why do you always zap the commercials?
They appeal to my worst instincts.
They appeal to my vanity.

You can't run through the street when the light is red.
Please put the ball on the ground.
Let's again go over your job.
You should run away from your family.

You shouldn't drink this out.
He always calls his mother up.
You should put your coat on.
Police are looking into this case.
Don't go through that road.
Do you like listening to music?
The flight has taken off the airport.
Please turn on the TV.
You should turn it off.

Has the problem I brought up yesterday solved yet?
Has he brought up the suggestion about it?
I really don't want to come across this kind of thing again.

#Lesson3: The new you!
* keywords: will, shall
    - I will see you...
      I won't see you...
    - INTENSION:
        Will you join...?
        I'll join...
      REQUEST:
        Will you sign here please?
      OFFER:
        Shall I wait here for you?
      SUGGESTION:
        Shall we go down to the pool?
    - PREDICTION:
        will help/enjoy/open/take place/join us
        hope/believe/expect/think/afraid/sure ... + will do...

With that kind of support, you will feel healthier. (healthy)
We hope you'll join us.
Aerobic stuff.

We will have dinner at 7 p.m.
I won't believe anybody.
Will you read this book?

Will you join this reading club?
I'll join the music club.
I'll take this offer.

Will you make a cup of coffee for me?
Will she translate this paper for me?

Shall I take the bag for you?
Shall I pick you up?

Shall we go to the theater?
Shall we go skating?

I wish I will enjoy my life.
The exhibition will open on July 14th.
Prices will rise extremely.
You all will envy me.
I hope you will help me fix this bug.
She believes he will turn back to her.
We all expect that we will go abroad.
I think she will be cheated by anybody.
I'm afraid that you will lose her.
I'm sure they will give up their dream.
Most people in this country won't understand the meaning of life until death.

##Unit48
#Lesson1: Train strain
* keywords: Advice: present and past
    - ADVICE: PRESENT/FUTURE
        Maybe I/you should do...
        Maybe I/you ought to do...
        I/You had better do...
        I/You have to do...
    - LOOKING BACK: ADVICE NOT TAKEN
        Maybe I/You should have done...
        Maybe I/You ought to have done...
    - LOOKING BACK: ADVICE THAT WAS TAKEN
        I/You had to do... (have to -> had to)

Maybe you should see a doctor.
I told Marie we should have flown.
We should have taken the shuttle.
I probably shouldn't.
He would have had a bad back.
How should they have traveled to New York, according to Joe?

Maybe I should eat more vegetables.
Maybe you should jog every morning.
Maybe I should get up early.
Maybe you should read a book.
They ought to apologize.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
Children ought to be able to read by the age of 7.
I had better drive slowly.
You had better drive slowly.
I have to fix my car.
You have to find a new job.

Maybe I should have learned English.
Maybe you should have quit your job.
Maybe I ought to have accepted your advice.
Maybe you ought to have adopted my suggestion.

I had to learn English.
I had to take your advice.
You had to see a doctor.
You had to take care of her.

#Lesson2: Pets
* keywords: if
    - If...do/does..., ... will do...
    - If...did..., ... would do...
      If...were..., ... would do...
      If I were doing..., I would do...
      If I could do..., I would/might/should do...
      
I was wondering if you had a particular policy about animals in the apartment.
Can you narrow it down a little?
How would you feel if I got a monkey?
If there's going to be a pet at all, it will have to be a domesticated one.
If you had a dog, we'd able to take it for walks.
If I didn't work the night shift, that might be possible.

If you have a pet, it will have to be a domesticated one.
If you got a dog, we would have to agree on some conditions.
If I were you, I would get a fish.
If he is here, I'm sure he'll take the call.
If he were here, I'm sure he'd take the call. (he were)
If I were you == If I were in your position
If I were looking for a pet, I would get a fish.
If I could get a pet, I would get a dog.

If I see these people, I will feel disgusted.
If you open the door, you will see me.
If they arrive at the station on time, they will catch the train.
If you trust anybody in this country, you will be cheated.

If you fixed this bug, the system would not crash.
If I didn't forget to take my phone, I would call you.
If you didn't forget to turn off the faucet, we would not return home.
If I knew her, I would greet her.
If I left her, she would sad.
If I were you, I would leave her.
If he were here, he would solve this problem.
If she were the boss, she would let me promote.

If I was working at the office, I would meet her.
If you were driving, you would miss the call.
If you were being at school, you would see him.

If you could get that job, you might get more salary.
If she could understand what I mean, she would not be cheated.
If they could win the game,  I should like them.
How should I do if they couldn't make it?

#Lesson3: Good news
* keywords: The infinitive and the -ing form
    - It's easy/difficult/nice/pleasant/important + to do / -ing ...
    - adj. + -ing(PARTICIPLE): S + V + C (Complement.: adj./n.)
      bored, busy, fed up, happy, tired...
    - It's no use -ing.
      It's no good -ing.
      It's not worth -ing.
    - prep. + -ing : of, in , on, without
      adj. + prep. + -ing : good at
      v. + prep. + -ing : advise against, believe in 
      
It's pleasant taking a vacation once in a week.
It's pleasant to take a vacation once in a week.
We are busy working.
I'm bored waiting.
It's no use complaining.
It's no good complaining.
It's not worth complaining.
You can't work without taking a vacation.
Yvonne isn't afraid of asking Klara some tough questions.
Yvonne doesn't believe in turning away clients.
Yvonne is very good at managing people.
Joe didn't advise Richard against running for office.

I'm fed up with waiting for her.
Why don't you stop by next Wednesday? (stop by)
I also like eating and sleeping.
It's no use complaining, is it?
I can't go on working without taking a break.
It's wonderful having a big job like this.
But it's not worth killing ourselves.

It's easy to drive to the airport from here.
It's easy driving to the airport from here.
It's difficult to find a new job these days.
It's difficult finding a decent job these days.
It's nice to meet you.
It's nice meeting you.
It's important to discover this problem.
It's important discovering this problem.
It's fun skiing in winter.

I'm busy learning English.
I'm bored watching TV.
I'm fed up with waiting for her.
I'm fed up with talking to him.
They are happy hurting kind people.
I'm happy listening to music.
We're tired of playing games.
I can't help beating them.

It's no use regretting.
It's no good regretting.
It's not worth regretting.

I can't go abroad without speaking English well.
Do you afraid of changing your life?
Why don't you help instead of complaining?
Why don't you solve this problem instead of talking?
Claire is really good at cooking.
I don't believe in running a business with Hong Kong's firm.
The school believes in letting children learn at their own pace.

##Unit49
#Lesson1: Cabs, cars, and candidates
* keywords: adj.
    - be / seem + adj.
    - adj. + noun / one(s)
    - the + adj.
    - adj: -ed / -ing (people / things)
    - adj: -ing (people) effect others

I'm free.
I'm a free man.
They're free women/men.
I need a new car.
I need to buy a new one.
We sold our old car.
We bought two new ones.
The land of the free and the home of the brave.
The sound was loud enough to wake the dead.
the blind, the deaf, the rich, the poor, the young, the old, the sick, the unemployed, the elderly, the disabled
I get bored listening to cabbies.
They tell very long, very boring stories.
amazed/amazing, annoyed/annoying, bored/boring, excited/exciting, interested/interesting, pleased/pleasing, exhausted/exhausting
Some people are very boring / very annoying.

Then I get to listen to cabbies telling very long, very boring stories.
It's very annoying.
I don't get annoyed at that.
I love talkative cabbies.
Are you going to set up a private practice?
I'm sure your dad will be pleased to give you a lift to the store.
I get annoyed, that's all.
Richard, don't be so boring.
I can just afford a used car.
You can afford a decent car.
I was feeling tired and cranky.

She's fashionable.
She's a stylish woman.
They're mean men.
It seems a foolish decision now.
It seems a genius idea.
I get annoyed.
Do you get annoyed?
Are you annoyed?

I want to buy a new phone.
You needn't a new car.
She just bought a new one.
They have two old ones.
You are a special girl.
Shall I give you a beautiful necklace?
Let's have an exciting dance.

Both the poor and the rich are mean.
The old is worse than the young.
The deaf and the blind are all miserable.

She is so amazed and interested.
They are very bored.
I'm so exhausted.
I'm too tired to work.
Are you pleased about that party?
I'm excited too.
Do you think this is an interesting story?
I really hate taking part in this kind of annoying thing. 
I want to take part in an exciting activity.
Don't tell me that boring messages.

Some interviewer is very boring and annoying.
The smart girl can be interesting.

#Lesson2: Public phones
* keywords: both, all, the whole, everyone, everything
    - both / both the : same
    - All / All the : different
    - the whole / all
    - everyone / all : all of us == everyone
    - everything / all

In both cases, you will be told how much to insert.
Both cases are the same. Both the cases are the same.
All calls to "0" are free.
All the calls I made were a waste of time.
You will get the whole amount back.
I've spent all my money.
We waited the whole day. We waited all day.
the whole amount, the whole truth, all my money
Everyone wants to help Richard win.
We all want to help Richard win.
All of us want to help Richard win. ( = Everyone)
Everything is OK. All is well.

You can access all the long distance companies by dialing their codes first.
Both lines are busy.
All lines are busy.
Everyone seems to be calling the party headquarters.
I hear she is winning every match she plays.

Both girls, I like them all.
Both the songs, I love them all.
Both you and I are honesty.
I like both singing and dancing.
Both the girls are insane.

All people are mean.
All the people I met are mean.
All interviews are fake.
All the interviews I intended are fake.

I will claim the whole amount back.
They didn't state the whole truth.
I've already known the whole feeling of yours.
I want to know all problems with our system.
He has played video games all day.

Everyone wants to bully me.
Everybody doesn't know the meaning of life.
All of these people are so mean.
All of you were deceived by the local authorities.

Everything is perfect.
Everything is ruin.
All is finished.

#Lesson3: Things are going well
* keywords: adj. clause
    - who(m) / that / (-) : PEOPLE(Object.)
    - to whom / whom...to / that...to / (-)...to

Lisa, you look ravishing this morning.
Are you one of those people that aliens abduct and take to their spaceships for experiments?
You're cynical sometimes.
Be practical.

Are you one of those people who God chooses?
I think I'm the one whom God chooses.
Do you think I'm the one that God chooses?
I'm the one God chooses.
I like the cake you were eating.
I want to buy a sports car that you own.
I know the man whom you like.
I know the man who you like.
I know the man you like.

Claire is the only woman to whom I can talk.
Claire is the only woman whom I can talk to.
Claire is the only woman that I can talk to.
Claire is the only woman I can talk to.

##Unit50
#Lesson1: Why not?
* keywords: adv. clauses (reason and contrast)
    - because / Since, As (Why)
    - though / Although / even though / even if / while 
      no matter what(how) / however much(many)

And you are certainly not driving cross-country with a couple of friends for a winter vacation, because you don't have enough experience.
You may not take this trip because you are all young, relatively inexperienced drivers.
Since you're proposing a winter trip, this is an even more serious consideration.
We'd be sick worry, no matter what you tell us.
We have to accommodate you.
He says no matter how much I ask, the answer is no, no, no.
As you've been driving only a few months, you can't expect to make such a trip.
By experience - that's just it!
All I do is look into a camera watching others having fun.

Why didn't you get that job?
You can't get this job because of the interview is fake.
I hate talking with these people because they are mean.
I believe I can finally succeed because I'm right.
Since I can speak English very well, that I can go abroad to work.
Since he fails his work, we have to work overtime.
As you're listening to music, you didn't see the message.
This is important as it sets the mood for the rest of the day.

I'm still sticking to learn English even though I'm unemployed.
He wants to buy a sports car even if he has not enough money.
She quit her job and gone abroad even if her parents completely opposed her idea.
Though she’s almost 40, she still plans to compete.
Though he is very busy, he still remains time to exercise.
Although they are very stupid, they still intend to deceive others.
While there was no conclusive evidence, most people thought he was guilty.
While I got up early, I still didn't catch the bus to work.
I never give up my dream no matter what troubles I will come across.
I must finish my courses no matter how difficult I take. 
I really want the car, however much it costs.
I have to achieve my goal, however many people judge me.

#Lesson2: Because I said so
* keywords: Phrasal verbs.
    - verb. + prep. + object.
    - verb. + adv particle. + object.(separable)
    - verb. + adv particle.
    - three-part verbs: verb. + particle. + prep. + object.

I dropped by the library.
Put on your shoes.
Put your shoes on.
Tony called up Hannah.
Tony called Hannah up.
Come in. Sit down. Hurry up. Go away!
Drop by. Look out!
walk up to, walk down to, go on about, give up on, go away from, drive on to, talk her out of, face up to, look up to, act up with
Your daughter has it in for me.
Is she going on about that?
I can't talk her out of it.
I need to face up to this one myself.
She looks up to you.
Adolescent girls act up with their mothers.
I cannot talk her out of it.
I'm going to call you up.

He drank up the beer and looked at her.
I was listening to music while she was hanging out with her friends.
Do you mind I drop by your home?
Police are looking into the case.
How did you love with her?

Put on your coat.
Put your coat on.
Take off your hat.
Take your hat off.
Drive your car off.
Drive off your car.

It's time to get up.
You shouldn't give up.
They've run away.
Please come in.

The mail carrier walked up to the front door.
Claire walked up to me.
They have it in for me.
Are they still going on about that stupid behave?
You should give up on it by now.
I can't talk them out of it.
You must face up to this one yourself.
You needn't look up to me.
Adolescent girls and boys always act up with their parents.

#Lesson3: Promise
* keywords: predictions
    - will be doing : predictions
    - be going to : predictions
    - be going to : intend to

The indisputable fact is that you are sixteen.
We're going to have to work out when you're already sixteen and when you're only sixteen.
I will be worrying about you longer than you want to know.
When are you going to let me grow up?
Believe me, honey, soon you'll be doing things you never thought possible.
By this time next week, I'll be photocopying by night and delivering balloons by day.
OK. So what are we going to do next?
I'm going to teach you how to breathe properly underwater.
First I'm going to show you how to use the equipment, then we're going to try it underwater.
Soon you'll be swimming like a fish.

You will be doing many things you don't want to do.
He will be arriving in New York in two days.
I will be meeting many different people in the new firm.
I won't be worrying about you when you leave.
By this time tomorrow, I'll be lying on a beach.

We're going to have to fix this bug tomorrow.
I'm going to finish my stuff this month.
They're going to kill themselves.
They're going to be dominated by the USA.
It's going to rain.

Are you going to order a take-out?
When are you going to have a trip?
I'm going to go abroad to work.

##Unit51
#Lesson1: Wish you were here
* keywords: Advice (present and past)
    - ADVICE: PRESENT/FUTURE
        shouldn't do 
        oughtn't to do 
        had better not do 
        don't need to do 
        don't have to do
    - LOOKING BACK: ADVICE NOT TAKEN
        shouldn't have done
        oughtn't to have done
    - LOOKING BACK: LACK OF NECESSITY
        didn't need to do
        didn't have to do

I shouldn't tell you this.          You shouldn't tell this to anyone.
I oughtn't to tell you this.        You oughtn't to tell this to anyone.
I'd better not tell you this.       You'd better not tell this to anyone.
I don't need to go to school today. You don't need to go to school today.
I don't have to go to school today. You don't have to go to school today.
Mom told dad he'd better not drive so fast.
I shouldn't go with you.
You shouldn't talk to these people.
I'd better not eat that cake.
You'd better not hang out with her.
I don't need to learn so many skills.
You don't need to do too many works.

I shouldn't have told you this.     You shouldn't have told this to anyone.
I oughtn't to have told you this.   You oughtn't to have told this to anyone.
We shouldn't have brought sunglasses.
We should have brought raincoats.
You shouldn't have called Nathan at work.
I shouldn't have taken that offer.
You shouldn't have said that.
They shouldn't have deceived me.

I didn't need to go to school yesterday. You didn't need to go to school yesterday.
I didn't have to go to school yesterday. You didn't have to go to school yesterday.
I didn't need to go to New York to see my friend.
I don't have to go to school while we are here.
I didn't need to feel guilty.
You didn't need to feel regret.
I didn't have to talk this to you.
You didn't have to leave him.

#Lesson2: If not for...
* keywords: if Type3
    - If...do/does..., you will/may/can do..
    - If...were/did..., you would/might/could do...
    - If...had done..., you would/might have done...

If you watch the ball, you will/may/can catch it.
If you want dinner this evening, you'll have to cook it yourself.
If you drink too much, you will be drunk.
If you get trouble, I will help you.

If you watched the ball, you would/might/could catch it.
If they were honest, I wouldn't be deceived.
If I got up early, I would feel better.

If I had chosen criminal law, we would never have worked together.
If I had decided to go into private practice, we would/might never have met.
If my father hadn't been a lawyer, I would/might not have gone to law school.
If I hadn't met Nancy, I would/might have gone to a different law school.
So Joe, if I had watched where I was going, you and I would have missed each other entirely!
And I wouldn't have met Nancy, if I'd been more coordinated.
How might Joe never have met Richard?
If I'd known you were going to be late, I wouldn't have cooked.
If I hadn't quit that job, I would have bought this house.
If they had stopped him, he wouldn't have suicided.
If I had been smarter, I wouldn't have believed them.
If I had called her when I was working, she might not have been angry.
How might Claire never have missed me?

#Lesson3: What a week!
* keywords: verb. + to do / -ing
    - VERB + TO OR -ING: NOCHANGE OF MEANING
        continue to do, continue doing
        begin to do, begin doing, beginning to do
        attempt, can't bear, cease, intend, omit, start, like, love
    - VERB + TO OR -ING: SLIGHT CHANGES IN MEANING
        dread doing, dread to do
        hate doing, hate to do
    - VERB + TO OR -ING: DIFFERENT MEANINGS
        remember doing, remember to do
        try doing, try to do

Continue to fill our glasses. Continue filling our glasses.
Richard began to fill our glasses. Richard began filling our glasses.
I'm beginning to realize that's not going to happen.
I'll begin clearing out next week.
We can start sorting the office out on Monday.
I love clearing out.
He began changing his routines even before he went on vacation.
Claire continues to work at the weekend.
Claire continues working at the weekend.
When did you begin to teach at school?
When did you begin teaching at school?
I attempt to compose a song.
I attempt composing a song.
We can't bear to lose the game.
We can't bear losing the game.
It’s starting to rain.

I dread getting up out of this chair.
I dread to think what has happened.
I hate disturbing you.
I hate to disturb you.
I dread to think what it will be like.
I hate throwing away old papers!
I hate sitting around.
I hate working at the weekend.
I hate to work at the weekend.
I dread walking in a nightmare.
I dread to walk in a nightmare.

Do you remember coming home from work on Friday night?
Remember to come home from work early tomorrow.
Did you remember to turn the answering machine on?
Try taking a weekend off in real estate.
Try to take next weekend off if you can, Douglas.
Try not to keep anything you haven't looked at in 2 years.
Do you remember closing the faucet before you left?
You should remember to close the faucet before you left.
I tried composing a song.
I tried to make it better.
He tried to control his voice.

##Unit52
#Lesson1: Nights in
* keywords: -er, -est
    - small, smaller, the smallest
      strange, stranger, strangest
      big, bigger, biggest
      easy, easier, easiest
      few, fewer, the fewest
    - simple, more simple, the most simple
      important, more important, the most important
      careless, more careless, the most careless
      correct, more correct, the most correct
      famous, more famous, the most famous
    - further, the furthest / farther, farthest
      elder, eldest / older, oldest
    - good/well, better, the best
      bad, worse, the worst
      much/many, more, the most
      little, less, the least

the smallest alien
the strangest detective
the biggest effect
The best speeches are the shortest.
He is strange.
He is a stranger than them.
He is the strangest boy in his class.
Give up is always easier than stick on.
The team that makes the fewest mistakes usually wins.
What you do is the fewest works in our team.

it's funnier than that
it's simpler than that
it's more simple than that
the most important issues
And the funniest are the most memorable. 
She is a careless woman.
Claire is more careless than Bryan.
Claire is the most careless in her family.
You are correct.
This manner is more correct than yours.
This is the most correct solution in the world.

Boston is five miles further/farther.
There's no further information.
What's the name of Justine's elder/older brother?
The Empire State Building is older than the Sears Buildings.
She ran two miles further.
He drank a bottle of beer further.
You should study further.
Are there any further questions?
We have decided to take no further action.
She is the elder of the two.
I'm finding his elder brother.

This car is good.
My car is better than yours.
My car is the best in our company.
The best TV control is the mute button.
Now the traffic is bad.
The traffic is much worse after five o'clock.
This is the worst recession for fifty years.
This is the worst culture in the world.
She prefers a little house.
She knows less than I do about it.
They know less than I do about this project.
He knows less than I do about driving.
Which method causes the least damage to the environment?
If you make the least mistakes, you will win the game.

#Lesson2: Clearing out
* keywords: Distributives
    - another, other, the other, the others
    - either, neither

We could use another week to finish this. (appendant)
I can't see you on Monday. What about another day?
Could I have another (one) please?
Some cleaning is just a chore. Other cleaning is good for the soul.
Some people are nice. Others are difficult.
This set is mine. The other belongs to the office.
This set is mine. The others belong to the office.
Richard and Trish cleared out the office the other day.
The best thing was how I felt the next day.
This one is too large and the other is the wrong color.
I have to use another two weeks to finish my job.
I'm going to have another coffee.
Some people are stupid. Others are mean.
Some days are nice. Others are difficult.
This shirt is mine. The other is yours.
This shirt is mine. The others are yours.
This car is cool and the other one is better.

I can hardly believe this. I can't either. / Me neither. (too)
Which one would you like? I don't want either of them. Thanks / Neither. Thanks. / Either one is lovely.
I don't like either of them.
Neither of them is really right.
I haven't enough money. Me either.
I don't like either of them.
Either of us doesn't like smoking.
Either one is difficult.
Neither of them is fair.
Neither of us didn't make it.

#Lesson3: Talking frog
* keywords: 


##Unit53
#Lesson1: 
* keywords: 



#Lesson2: 
* keywords: 



#Lesson3: 
* keywords: 


##Unit54
#Lesson1: 
* keywords: 



#Lesson2: 
* keywords: 


#Lesson3: 
* keywords: 


