##Unit37
#Lesson1: New work ethic
* keywords: 
  - owner,lawyer,customer,linguist,assistant,tourist,guest,vegetarian
  - Richard,Nathan,Tony,Bryan,Sam,John / Jane,Trish,Yvonne,Jenny,Claire,Donna
  - man,woman / boy,girl / prince,princess / actor,actress / waiter,waitress / god,goddess / host,hostess / heir,heiress / hero,heroine / nephew,niece

I don't suppose this new work ethic extends to the supply room, does it?
I'll man the front desk.
Where do I pick them up?
Where and when does Danny have to get his costumes?
Is Danny always in a hurry to leave work?

Who's Tony? He's a customer.
Who's Jane? She's a student.
Who's John? He's an actor.
Do you know Trish? She's a vegetarian.
Do you know Nathan? He's a linguist.

Who's Richard? He's my brother.
Who's Jenny? She's my sister.
Do you know Sam? He's my nephew.
Do you know Donna? She's my niece.
Where's the bride? She's at the hotel.
Where's the bridegroom? He's in the room.
Do you like Bryan? He's a hero.
Do you like Claire? She's a heroine.
Who's Clark? He's the host.
Who's Nancy? She's the hostess.

#Lesson2: Another pedestrian crosswalk for Coolidge Corner?
* keywords: the
    - a/an... the...
    - the bank, the supermarket, the post office, the movie theater, the business section, the metro, the indicators, ...
    - the country, the beach, ...
    - the earth, the solar system, the planets, the stars, the galaxy, the universe, the moon, ...

dodge v. coverage n. slant v. rejoin v. errand n.
..., which is where I live.

A basketball game will be held in the city.
The game attracted nearly fifty thousand people.

Would you go to the supermarket and the bank?
I'm supposed to go to the park.
They've arrived at the office.

We're not in the country.
She's at the beach.
They were sailing in the ocean.

How much traffic can the earth bear?
How many planets have in the solar system?
The stars in the sky are beautiful.
We are living in the galaxy.
The universe is still mysterious.

#Lesson3: Let's have a star!
* keywords: 
    - my, your, his, her, its, our, your, their + noun.
    - his/her daughter/son
    - mine, yours, his, hers, its, ours, theirs
    - That / This ... of yours... (good/bad/emphasize/sarcasm...)
    - my own / of my own / of her own ...

celebrity n. equality n.
an author's name
an attorney's name
One for being tough.

This is my car.
Your house is very luxurious.
Norway is famous for its beautiful environment.
His name should be remembered forever.
Tony's hat is very funny. (a hat of Tony's)

Claire spoke about her husband.
Bryan spoke about his daughter.

This phone is not yours.
The books are mine.
That money doesn't belong to theirs.
Your dress is more beautiful than hers.

That car of yours is expensive to run.
Perhaps that daughter of yours wouldn't mind so much.
Perhaps that wife of yours maybe adopts this advice.
That laptop of yours is too light.
This house of yours is too far away.
That parent of hers wouldn't permit it.
Those neighbors of mine would do this sort of thing.
It's time you spoke to that daughter of yours.

The hotel has its own pool.
It was more trouble to drive my own car.
Claire has a house of her own.
We run a company of our own.
Please sign your own name.

##Unit38
#Lesson1: I can't find...
* keywords: 
    - When...? / How often...?
    - always, almost always, generally, usually, normally, frequently, often, sometimes, hardly ever, seldom, not ever, never

preoccupy v. stylist n.
...with little clips.
It generally worked.
I constantly crave cheeseburgers.
We're planning to get take-out.

How often do you maintain your car?
Twice a year.
When do you get it done?
I usually get it done in March.
Do you ever get it done in February?
No, I never get it done then.

She says I was always getting sick when I was little.
I usually overcome difficulties when I face them.
I almost always eat an apple every day.
I generally get up at six.
The journey normally takes me about an hour.
They are frequently drunk.
I often jog in the morning.
He sometimes has a drink.
She hardly ever watches TV.
I go there hardly ever.
I seldom watch TV.
I'm seldom preoccupied.
We are not ever smoke.
They never tell the truth.

#Lesson2: Perfect harmony
* keywords: prep. 
    by, near
    v. + by = v. + past
    but, except / But for you, Except for you
    to, up to, down to
    up, down / up,down the street
    beside, besides

as tasty as

Where did you go?
I went to the supermarket by the drugstore.
I was near the exit of the theater.
Where have you been?
By the entrance to the park.
I was near the entrance to the park.

Where are you going now?
I went to the supermarket by the drugstore.
I was near the exit of the theater.
She has just run by me.
She has just run past me.

You buy everything but milk.
You win everything but friendship.
They say everything except the truth.
But for you, everyone agrees with me.
Except for you, everyone likes me.

Where were you?
I went to the mall.
She walked to the park.
I went up to the mall.
He jogged down to the river.

The cat is up the house.
The bathroom is down those stairs.
You should go up the street.
You should go down the street.

Come and sit beside me.
Your phone is beside the laptop.
Besides being a scholar, he was a famous writer.
Besides being heartbroken, she felt foolish.
Besides being a disappointment, you were mean.
We have lots of things in common besides music.
Besides working as a doctor, he also writes novels in his spare time.

#Lesson3: A model museum
* keywords: past
    - hit, cost, cut, put
    - was/were + doing
    - was/were + always/often/frequently + doing
    - when: ...when I was doing...
    - as: When...was doing... / As...was doing...
    - while: ...was doing...while...was doing...

curator n. collate v.
I was planning to charge admission.
There's a jar by the door for donations.
I was interviewing a woman when a couple of guys jumped in front of the camera and started waving and shouting.

Don't hit the drum at night.
Hit the ball as hard as you can.
What you have done would cost your career.
This case cost his life.
She cut her finger when she was cooking.
He put the coffee on the table.

I was planning to pay you money.
They were planning to play outside.

My family was always moving when I was little.
I was often going for a drive.
She was generally doing silly things.

I felt so sweet when I was working with her.
He is preoccupied when he was learning English.
Your phone rang when we were having a class.
I was so lonely when I was living in that country.

I was having a meeting when the idea hit me.
I was listening to music when somebody knocked at the door.
As she was working in the office, the boss came to see her.
As I was having a bath at home, somebody called me.
It was raining outside while we were having a class.
He was playing video games while I was working yesterday.
She was working on her dress while I was watching TV.
You were having a rest while I was collating my dissertation.

##Unit39
#Lesson1: Will she? Won't she?
* keywords: 
    - might be / may be / could be
    - might have been / may have been / could have been
    - am,is,are / was,were
    - must be / can't be
    - must have been / can't have been
    - are,aren't / were,weren't

rug n.
Klara may be our strangest client ever.
She can't have known.
She's been through a dozen designers.
She's not that hard to read.
No. But some of the others could have been prison guards.
Nancy, you're such a pessimist.
So isn't all that true?

I might be a few minutes late.
She may be late.
There may not be enough money to pay for the repairs.
It could be weeks before we get a reply.
She is our strangest client.

They might have cleaned up before they left.
Well, I may have been wrong.
Somebody could have been killed.
She was our strangest client.

You must be joking.
Accidents must be reported to the safety officer.
They must be mean.
She must be very rich.
You can't be serious.
This can't be the right road.
They can't be honest.
She can't be younger than 50.
You are joking.
You aren't joking.

You must have been wrong.
They must have been really upset.
You can't have been serious.
The murder who can't have been Tony.
You were lying.
You weren't lying.

#Lesson2: Rules
* keywords: 
    - ...asked...what/how/when/where/who/if/whether/why/which/whose...
    - ...wants to know what/how/when/where/who/if/whether/why/which...

theatrical adj.
be practical
I want to know if this is your mother's sauce.
Well, you'll know what to do when you find them.
This is unusually civilized.

Claire asked Bryan if he was outside.
She wants to know when he goes outside.
I wonder how he comes inside the building.
She inquires when the flight arrives.
I want to know why these people were so silly.
She asks me if I quit my job.
Tony wants to know where you live.
He wants to know whose phone it is.

Your mother asked me if I was with you last night.
They wanted to know who I liked.
She wanted to know what I would do.
I wanted to know when you intended to leave.
The advisor asked Michael who his major influence had been.
She asked how often you did the cooking.
She asked me what kind of woman I liked best.

#Lesson3: Table talk
* keywords: It's + adj. + to do... (emphasize adj.) 
    - It's kind/clever/foolish/good/nice/polite/rude/silly of...to do... 
    - She was kind to do...
    - It's easy/difficult/hard/impossible + to do...
    - I'm sorry/afraid/anxious/eager/glad/frightened/sorry + to do...
    - ...too + adj. + to do... / ... adj. + enough to do...

a lottery ticket
You and I are taking a cruise.
Is it too much to ask for a new sailboat?
She's usually very practical.
He's eager to do business with us.

It was kind of you to invite them to dinner.
It was foolish of her to quarrel with the security guard.
She was foolish to quarrel with the security guard.
It was clever for Claire to choose this firm.
You were very good to forgive her.
It was nice of you to join our team.

It's easy to solve this problem.
This problem is easy to solve.
It's difficult to get a decent job.
A decent job is difficult to get.
It's hard to get up early.
It's impossible to go abroad.

Claire was sorry to interrupt you.
Bryan was afraid to converse with you.
I'm glad to meet you.
She was anxious to hear the news.

Bryan is too tired to read.
Claire is tall enough to be a model.
She is too old to work.
The test is difficult enough to eliminate most students.

##Unit40
#Lesson1: The customer is always right
* keywords: 's / '
    - a child's dream / an actress's career, an actress' career
    - Bryan's car / Claire's address / James' bag
    - a gentlemen's club / the maids' room
    - guest room, the car key (the key of the car), the table leg (the leg of the table)
    - a month's work, two month's study, at one's wit's end, at arm's length

strike v.
the hallway furniture
the guest room
And this color scheme strikes me as a little dull.
our original schedule
How soon does Klara want a new design proposal?
Now I know that today alone I have handed you two month's work.
If we could afford a dream house.
Wall-to-wall carpets

You should respect a girl's dream.
This event is related to a person's reputation.
What dress' color do you like?
This is more important in an actress' career.
people's family, environment's pollution, product's quality

Bryan's clothes, Claire's dress, Tony's glasses, Beth's skirt, Clark's bag
James' address, Joans' cat

the women's wish
the men's wit
the clerks' salary
the ladies' desire

the laptop keyboard
the phone screen
the pot handle, the handle of the pot
the car wheel
the car steering wheel

They've quickly been at their wit's end.
A month's work is not enough.
You can touch the ball at arm's length.
Beijing's climate is so dry.
The money's effect is immense in this country.
The thundering sound was so loud.
The lightening's damage was devastating.

#Lesson2: One more thing
* keywords: The zero article (-)
    - Vitamins, Leaders
    - Mineral water, Business
    - a case / Cases
    - The label / Labels
    - Richard and Joe / Boston

Let's pursue this one and put an end on it.
Companies that do this should not be in business.
I always say that leaders are born but elected officials are very carefully manufactured.
Selling vitamins which aren't natural with a label saying that they are.
Selling woks which aren't safe with a label saying that has not Teflon.
Or what minerals there are in mineral water.
You bet.
Some mineral water on the market isn't nearly as good as tap water. (not nearly)

Dogs are always adorable.
Apples are good for you.
I think planes are not safe.

I drink milk every morning.
Thundering sound is frequently in a storm.
Beer is bad for you.

I want to have a sports car.
Sports cars are dangerous for me.

The snack on the table is free.
Snacks are generally purchased.
Tap water is usually free.

Bryan and Claire
New York, Beijing, Oslo 
the Yangtze river
the Pacific Ocean
the English Channel
the Philippines
the Everest
the Himalayas

#Lesson3: Heart to heart
* keywords: self
    - myself,yourself,himself,herself,itself,ourselves,yourselves,themselves
    - enjoy,absent,seat,pride,busy,accustom... + -self
    - dress + (herself)
    - ...noun./whole/that/this/it... + yourself. (emphasize)
    - ...for yourself.
    - ...by myself.

invasive adj. chore n.
They may get totally invasive.
Well, it happens when you make a name for yourself.
We'll keep things as normal as possible for ourselves.
You have to decide for yourself whether to answer them.
Don't make me go all by myself.
Good. Sleep tight.
He would love to come himself.
Yes. But sometimes it's nice to be ourselves.

We always enjoy ourselves.
He absents himself to the meeting.
You can seat yourself in the coffee.
They pride themselves on winning the game.
She sometimes busies herself at midnight.
The team has accustomed itself to the intensive of the game.

Have you dressed yet?
You learned to dress yourself when you were only two.
Can you drive?
I can drive myself ten years ago.

I can fix my car myself.
You should do your homework yourself.
Can you hold this case yourself?
He took these books himself.
Nancy herself told me about this.
Claire and Bryan do this themselves.

You have to decide for yourself.
I must realize my dream for myself.
He successes to realize his dream by himself.
We managed to finish this project by ourselves.
I like cleaning my house, as well as cooking by myself.

##Unit41
#Lesson1: Messages
* keywords: adv. of degree
    - very,quite / fairly,rather,pretty(kind of,sort of) + small(adj.)
    - fairly + sure/good/well...
    - rather + well/better/interesting...
    - much + better / very much
    - don't much + verb.(like/enjoy/prefer)... / Do...much like...?
    - by far + the best news / the best by far

I wonder if you have plans for the evening of the 17th.
We're having a get-together.
Quite small.
I have by far the best news for you.
I'm fairly sure it has to do with a boy.
I'd rather not.
It's OK, but it's pretty sour.
I don't like it very much, either.
I managed to speak to quite a few of them.
He doesn't have as much time as Nancy.

These days, people being gracious is very difficult.
Quite difficult. 
Pretty difficult.
Fairly difficult.
Rather difficult.
Kind of difficult.
Sort of difficult.

Quite a few towns are now banning cars from their shopping centers.
These days, quite a few people can't find a job.

It is fairly good.
Fairly well.
I'm fairly sure she didn't say that.
A month's work is fairly enough.

He did rather better this time.
This rumor is rather interesting.
That car is rather cool.
Rather well.
That movie is rather boring.

It's pretty strong/weak/cold/sweet.
I don't like it very much, either.

We had some much better news today.
I don't much like this cider.
I don't like this cider very much.
It isn't much stronger.
I don't much like this kind of thing.
We all don't much enjoy this party.
Do you much like drinking?
This is by far the best news I've heard for a long time.
It's the best by far.
This is by far the worst virus.

#Lesson2: A night on the town
* keywords: prep.
    - of / off
    - on / in
    - out of (into) / outside (inside)
    - (the one) with / without / in

contest n.
in the wee-hours
Cool jazz of blues take the top off the building?
Emergency rations
Who do you turn to in your hour of need?
A night on the town.
We just cook food as fast and furiously as possible.

Which country's people in the world are relatively kind?
I like the beauty of the scenery in the world.
The length of the swimming pool is standard.
The average price of these houses is fairly high.
What are they made of?
I saw a cat jump off a high building.
He got into his car and drove off.
Take your coat off.
He took his feet off the desk.

Leaving your phone on the table there.
We are lying on the grass.
There are a lot of problems in Beijing.
I wish I can do more things even in the small hours of the morning.

She got off the car.
He gets into the car.
They are washing the car outside the building.
The jewels were locked away inside the safe.

He's the one with the glasses.
The man is the one with a scar on his face.
I'll be with you.
Don't leave without her.
My house is without a garden.
After the storm, we were without electricity for five days.
I accepted his offer without a moment's hesitation.
They had gone two days without food.
He left home without any money.
She's the one in the blue suit.
He's the one in the tuxedo.

#Lesson3: Excitement!
* keywords: 
    - have(has) + done
    - have(has) + been + doing
    - already, since, yet, ever

bungee jumping, skydive
No, I've been collating these papers since we got here.
But I have done it.
So you've thrown yourself off a building with nothing but a big rubber band to hold you above the ground.
Is your work here fast-paced?
Would you call your home life a thrill a minute?
What happened to checkers?
Haven't you ever done something just for the thrill of it?
You've made your point, Nathan.
Because a friend of his dared him.
What have you done this evening?
There's got to be more to life than photocopying.
There's got to be more to life than money.
I prefer to put my feet up after work.

You've already moved out of your home.
You haven't moved out yet.
Have you ever moved out of your home?
He hasn't finished yet.

Haven't you ever drunk?
She hasn't drunk yet.
She has already drunk.

What have you been doing since we got here, Claire?
I've been cooking dinner.
I've cooked dinner.
What has Bryan been doing since she arrived this evening?
He's been playing video games.
I've been learning English since I quit my job.
How long have you been learning English?
For six hours.

##Unit42
#Lesson1: Say, aren't you...?
* keywords: Polite offers, requests and suggestions
    - Would you like...?
    - Could I...? / Can I...?
    - Would you...? / Will you...? / Can you...?
    - Shall I...?
    - Shall we...? / Let's... (Yes, let's.)

Can I help you out there?
That's very nice of you.
Could you get the ones in this hand?
Would you hold this for just a second?
Shall we just put these here for the time being?
But I can't put my finger on it.
Where would I have seen you?
No, I can't say that you do.
That'll be the tip-off
Let's just check the name.
That would have bugged me all day.

Would you like some beer?
Yes, please. / No, thank you.

Can I help you?
Can I have a cheeseburger?
Can I have some milk?
Could I have some mineral water?
Yes, of course. / I'm afraid there is none left.

Would you hold this for a moment?
Would you give me a cup of coffee?
Will you bring me the book?
Can you move your feet?
Can you turn off the TV?
Could you make a coffee for me?
Could you translate this paper?
Yes, of course. / I'm afraid I can't at the moment. (Because...)

Shall I ask you to dance with me?
Shall I sing a song for you?
Shall I carry this bag for you?
Thank you. That's very nice of you. / It's OK thanks. I can manage. (Because...)

Shall we just take the bus?
Shall we watch a movie?
Shall we have dinner?
Let's just have dinner, (shall we?).
Let's dance.
Yes, let's. / No, that won't be necessary.

#Lesson2: Remember when you worked with us?
* keywords: 
    - "Remember..."
      I reminded her that...
      "Don't do..."
      She told me not to do... / I explained that... / She reminded me that...
      ask,tell,advise,remind...
    - "Should I...?"
      She asked me if/whether she...
      She asked me whether to do...
    - "How should I...?" (What/Why/When/Where/Who...)
      She wanted to know how she should...
      She wanted to know how to...

groundhog n. bully n. v. saint n.
Ah, well, your child asked me if she should look at cars with 6-cylinder engines.
When the time comes.
Wait until she tells you not to wait up.
I'll be right up.
She finished off a pot of coffee.
I don't have to put up with anyone, except Nancy.
That's how it is.

"Turn off your phone."
He advised us to turn off our phone.
He reminded us that we should turn off our phone.
She told me to turn off the TV.
"Don't wait up for me."
She told me not to wait up for her.
They asked me not to close the door.
I suggested her not to hang out with Tony.

"Should I quit my job?"
She asked me if she should quit her job.
She asked me whether to quit her job.

"How should I make a cake?"
She wanted to know how she should make a cake.
She wanted to know how to make a cake.
I explained how to make a cake.
I offered to show her how to make a cake.
I advised her not to take the cake out of the oven until she heard the ring.
She wanted to know why you didn't come.
She wanted to know where were you been.
She wanted to know when you would emerge.
She wanted to know what you had done.

#Lesson3: Three guys and a drip
* keywords: -ing
    - am,is,are + doing / was,were + doing / has,had been doing / will be doing
    - joining sentences: I feel stupid calling you up for this. / Opening the drawer, he took out a box.
    - noun.: The dripping drives me crazy. / a little tightenting / for coming up / Waking up in the night is awful. / for,of,after,before... + doing
    - adj.: No more dripping faucet. / The washer's missing. / Where's the missing washer?

clockwise adv. washer n.
turning clockwise
Counter-clockwise
It's nothing a little tightening won't fix.
Well, that takes care of that.

It wasn't working this morning.
We are trying to fix it.
I still have been learning English.
I had been watching the TV before she arrived home.
I will be cleaning my house tomorrow morning.
I was just being absent-minded.

I feel stupid buying this in the store.
Closing the windows, I left my house.
I'll try turning off the faucet.
I feel relax listening to music.
He goes out washing his car.

Reading is one of my habits.
Try concentrating on sleep.
Raining is pretty heavy.
Winning makes me happy.
It's nothing a little tightening won't fix.
The dripping drives me crazy.
After finishing the work, I went home.
This has been a good chance of meeting up with everyone again.
This is the knife for cutting bread.

I like watching the shinning water in the park.
Those trees hang some flowing ribbon.
a rolling ball, a barking dog, a running boy
Where is the missing phone?
This is the missing money of yours.
The washer's missing.
The fire's heating.
It's running. It's working. It's snowing.
Your idea is very interesting.
I had the most embarrassing experience.

##Unit43
#Lesson1: Do it yourself
* keywords: Compound nouns and "adj. + noun"
    - noun. + noun. : an oak dresser, table legs, industry awards, furniture designs, course fee, a lumber yard
    - adj. + noun.(1): distinctive furniture, old quilts, an extra charge
    - adj. + noun.(2): a wooden table, a golden color, golden hair, a silver voice
    - glass/glassy, leather/leathery, silk/silky, steel/steely, stone/stony, wool/woolen

varnishing, varnish n. v.

the course fee, state governor, a gold watch, furniture making, car mechanics, a cabinet door, boring chores, boxing ring, car wheels, TV channel, sports shoes, rock star, jazz music, the cup lid, chair legs, The space shuttle, video games, iron pan, the movie tickets, the human body

distinctive furniture, a great politician, spare time, old furniture, a rough project, an expensive watch, the beautiful flower,  Electronic organ, The imperial palace, flowing leaves, round table, big mouse, tiny hat, green grass, sparkling lake, boiled water, handsome man, The electric car

golden opportunities, carbonate beverages, stony chair, flash disk, wooden door, glassy cup, leathery coat, silky quilts, steely frame, woolen sweater, fabric glove, plastic toy

#Lesson2: Taboo topics
* keywords: The zero article and some/any
    - Politics, Flower arranging, Knitting, Haircuts
    - Are there any topics we should avoid?
      There aren't any topics we should avoid.
      There are (some) topics we should avoid.
    - Some topics, Some people
      Any topic is better than silence.
      Any topics will do for discussion.
    - not...any / no / none
      Some people don't have any imagination.
      Some people have no imagination.
      Imagination? Some people have none.

We are being censored.
Some topics are better than others over dinner.
Are there any other topics we should avoid?

Milk, Water, Glass, Wood, Fabric, Sky, Paper, Air
running, flowing, shifting, raining, snowing, boiling, falling
Falling leaves, books, chairs, tables, legs, cups

Are there any problems we should resolve?
There aren't any problems we should resolve.
There are some problems we should resolve.

Some virus are worse than others.
Some sports are very dangerous.
Some say it was an accident, but I don’t believe it.
Some children refuse to eat at all and others overeat.
Some of the people already in work will lose their jobs.
Any job is better than unemployment.
Any new things will be judged.

Some people don't have any sympathy.
There isn't any advantage for your team.
Some people have no honesty.
There is no water in the pot.
Credit! Some people have none.
I wish I could offer you some cake but there's none left.

#Lesson3: I really do want to study
* keywords: 



##Unit44
#Lesson1: 
* keywords: 

#Lesson2: 
* keywords: 

#Lesson3: 
* keywords: 


##Unit45
#Lesson1: 
* keywords: 

#Lesson2: 
* keywords: 

#Lesson3: 
* keywords: 


