##Unit55
#Lesson1: The detective's story
* keywords: 
    - do/does : HABITUAL ACTIONS
    - adj. + to do : PURPOSES
                     hard, easy, difficult, important...
    - get : get around to sth (start doing sth)
            get around (travel / avoid)
            get down to (solve)
            get over (overcome)
    - did, -ed, was/were doing : FOR NARRATION
                    
We look for things-people, documents, evidence - all kinds of things that are hard to find.
I share a house with Claire.
She is a dynamic, intuitive woman.
We enjoy listening to music together and sometimes compose songs ourselves.

We look for things that are hard to find.
It's a great car, and very easy to drive.
It's not easy to get her trust.
I'm finding it difficult to get a decent job these days.
Nothing could be more important to me than my family.
It's hard to clean out our office.
It's difficult to beat your opponent.
It's important to answer her questions as honestly as you can.

She bought a condominium. I haven't gotten around to it.
Why don't you get down to work?
I'm just getting over the flu.
We must get around to this bug.
Do we have to get around to this problem?
I think we should be able to get around most of these problems.
She was always very clever at getting around the rules.
You really should get around these sorts of things.
It's time we got down to work.
We need to get down to some serious talking.
I really need to get down to my personal problems.
It's taken me ages to get over the flu.
I must get over this miserable situation.
Can you get over this problem?

After college, I went to police academy.
You gave me the creeps.
Before I went abroad, I worked for China Mobile.
After I quit my job, I bought this apartment.
I was learning English a few years ago.

#Lesson2: Editorial
* keywords: 
    - There is... / There are...
    - whose = of which
    - do/does : INTENTIONS (touch on)
    - which: things, animals
      who: people

There's a magazine on the table.
There are some magazines on the table.
There is a song I really like.
There are lots of songs I really like.

The magazine whose pages bring surprises at every turn.
It is one of those books whose sales have surprised everyone.
It is one of those books the sales of which have surprised everyone.
The sports car whose engine is very powerful.
The sports car the engine of which is very powerful.
It is one of those songs whose rhythm touches me.
It is one of those songs the rhythm of which touches me.
I like the movie whose plot is very attractive.
I like the movie the plot of which is very attractive.
Kobe Bryant is one of those people whose career has been spectacular.

In our premiere issue, we touch on topics ranging from the mystery of twins to the evolution of the phone.
It touches on different varieties, how to grow them, and etc.
The meeting touches on our product flaws.
The robot whose functions touch on AI, optical, and voice recognition.

We think we have something for just about everyone, which we hope includes you.
We'll take care of everyone who needs help.
I want to compose a song which can express my emotion at present.
I've ever had a pet which is a rabbit and it was very cute.
The girl was left out at your party who is my sister.
We'll cure everyone who needs help.
The street are full of houses which look alike.

#Lesson3: Twice lucky Chapter 1
* keywords: 
    - must / have to
    - have been / was,were + n.
    - go/come + -ing
    - have + (a,an) noun.

We have to go back home tomorrow.
We had to go back home yesterday.
You must stop when the traffic lights are red.
You must not talk in class.
I have to take a pill before sleeping.
They had to accept that suggestion.
We must fix that bug before the system running.

It's been a wonderful vacation.
It was a wonderful vacation.
It has ever been a beautiful place.
It was a beautiful place.
It has been a river winding across the park.
It was a car blocking our door yesterday.
How long were you in Boston?

Let's go swimming.
Do you want to go fishing with us?
We'll go sailing this weekend.
The new CTO will come running our team next week.
The AI technology will come speeding our robot project.
Come swimming with me.

They had a picnic lunch.
We had an argument.
We had a talk.
I have a good cry.
I need to have a rest.
Do we have an appointment?
Have a good time.
Have a nice day.
I have a cold last week.
I have a headache after working.
He has a sense of humor.
Do you have an idea?
I had a shock when you entered.
They have a baby.
We have no time to have dinner.
Do you have trouble with your new job?
Good luck and have fun!

##Unit56
#Lesson1: Chasing money
* keywords: 
    - How often...? : always, generally, usually, normally, frenquently, often, sometimes, hardly ever, seldom, ever, not...ever, never
    - be(am/is/are/was/were) + in/out/away/over/off/down/on/off/through/up
    - It takes... to... / It took... to... : time, things, people
    - who : SUBJECT

I'm sometimes late for work.
I sometimes arrive late for work.
The clients want us to go away sometimes.
Sometimes the clients just want us to go away.
Sometimes I misjudge people, but not very often.
She lives in New York, so we hardly ever see her.
There is hardly ever traffic.
Hardly ever there is traffic.
Claire had seldom seen him so angry.
There was seldom people passing by before.
Seldom there was people passing by before.

Where's John? - He's in. He's out. He's away.
You missed the show. It's over.
John hasn't come to work today. He's off.
What's the matter with Danny today? He's down.
The lights are on/off.
We've broken up. We're through.
The market's up today.
The supermarket is up, so I'm in.
After shopping, I'm out.
The train is off.
The meeting is over.
They are down.
My laptop is on.
They've been divorced, they're through.

It takes us three weeks to get the evidence.
It takes ten minutes to get to work.
It took me ten minutes to get to work.
I take ten minutes to get to work.
I took ten minutes to get to work.
It takes someone like Tess to solve a problem like this.
It takes a plane crash to make you realize how dangerous air travel is.
It takes a call from me to do the trick.
It takes me two hours to finish this job.
I take two hours to finish this job.
It takes somebody like Claire to translate this article.
It takes many people's sacrifices to make them realize the severity of the problem. 
It takes more effort to make me avoid this situation.
I think it takes a real example to make you understand.

That's Mrs.Ipswich who inherited a fortune.
They're the women who started the company.
Guess who called while you were out?
The guy who owes us money.
This is Mr.Bryan who can compose songs.
They're the men who deceived the little girl.
These are the people who lost their souls.

#Lesson2: Interview
* keywords: 
    - -er, -est
    - If...do/does, ... will do...
      If...did..., ...would do...
      If...had done..., ... would have done...
    - v. + to do : start, afford, aim, fail, hurry, manage
      v. + to do / -doing: attempt, begin, start, continue
      v. + -ing : avoid, deny, enjoy, finish, not mind
    - adj. : -ing
      gerund: -ing

clean, cleaner, the cleanest
hot, hotter, the hottest
large, larger, the largest
busy, busier, the busiest
The Excelsior is the largest hotel in town.

If you look at my calender, you'll see what I'm doing tomorrow.
If you looked at my calender, you would see what I'm doing tomorrow.
If you had looked at my calender, you would have seen what I'm doing tomorrow.
If you help me, I'll help you.
If you knew the process of that event, you wouldn't misunderstand her.
If you had listened that song, you would have understood why I like it so much.

You'd start to see some consistencies.
I managed to get a taxi.
We can’t afford to go on vacation this year.
David began working. David began to work.
They attempted to escape from prison.
They attempted escaping from prison.
I enjoy working late hours.
You should avoid meeting those people.

He ends up missing a flight or being late for a meeting.
You're missing the point.
I find them very rewarding.
Missing Persons is the name of a thriller.
Missing a flight is a real pain.
I like jogging by the shining lake.
Drinking a beer can make you relax.

#Lesson3: Twice lucky Chapter 2
* keywords: 
    - thousand, million, billion, trillion
    - No a/an (uncountable noun.): furniture, information, advice, clothing, flu, homework, housework, garbage, jewelry, lightning, luggage, meat, money, news, permission, progress, scenery, shopping, soap, spaghetti, thunder, toast, traffic, weather
    - such a/an + adj. + countable noun.
      such + adj. + uncountable noun.
      so + adj.
      so + adj. + a/an + countable noun.
    - get : receive,obtain,buy,arrive,catch,become,persuade

A million dollars.
It cost two thousand dollars.
How much did it cost? - Millions!
It cost millions of dollars!

New furniture.
Do you have any information?
Can I give you advice?
I need food and clothing.
I couldn't go because I had flu.
All her jewelry was taken. 
I gave up eating meat a few months ago.
Give me a slice of meat, please.
I had a piece of toast for breakfast.
Have you brought much luggage?

This is such a long novel.
This is such an interesting novel.
Who inherited such a big fortune?
Such an enormous amount.
He is such an idiot.
This is such a classic song.
That is such an unforgettable place.
How can you read such small print?
How do you drink such hot milk?
Why do you like such spicy food?
How do you like such noisy music?
This novel is so long / so interesting.
This print is so small.
Your car is so cool.
Your mom is so gracious.
This story is so marvelous.
It is so small a box.
We have so huge an office.
I have so decent a job.
You make so delicious a cake.
He had so severe a sick.

I got a letter from her yesterday.
I got a message from my friend.
Where did you get that idea?
You can get some advantages if you can speak English.
Get yourself some nice clothes.
Where did you get that clothing?
So when do we get paid?
What time did you get home?
How did you get to the airport?
We have to get there tomorrow.
Which train did you get?
Can you get the flight?
I'm getting fed up with the weather.
I'm getting tired of talking with you.
Get him to tell you what happened.
Can you get her to change her mind?

##Unit57
#Lesson1: Missing in action
* keywords: 
    - be doing / do(does)
    - Will: prediction
            requests
            characteristic behavior
    - Let
    - Would do (tentative) / do
        
What's happening? / What's going on?
What happens when Gene goes away?
It takes them forever to decide to buy and when they do decide they want immediate delivery.
Heads I win. Tails you lose!
How do you feel when someone doesn't meet a delivery date?
I'm listening to music at home.
I sometimes listen to music at home.

Will it rain tomorrow?
It will rain tomorrow.
Will you mail this for me?
I will mail this for you.
He'll often go away on a mission.
= He often goes away on a mission.
Boys will be boys. Accidents will happen.
= Boys are boys. Accidents happen.
Claire will often read a book at night.
Claire often reads a book at night.
Fools will be fools.
Fools are fools.

Let me get this straight. (= allow me to...)
Let us have more time.
Let me make a suggestion.
Did you let her borrow your car?
Don't let the children annoy you.
Let's have a meeting.
Let's not argue. (argue v. = Don't argue.)
Let me take a look.
Don't let her go outside.
Let's have a rest.

I would say that's a problem. 
I say that's a problem.
That seems to be a good idea.
That would seem to be a good idea.
I would say that's a little complicated.
I say that's a little complicated.
He seems to be a kind man.
He would seem to be a kind man.

#Lesson2: Communication in style
* keywords: 
    - make (a/an) + noun. :  to others
      do + noun.          :  to self
    - will be done
      has/have been done
      was done
    - are being done
      were being done
    - come up with, put up with
      boil down to, talk sb out of 
      face up to, look down on
      come down with, look forward to

* make + (a/an) noun. 
make an agreement,           make an announcement,    make an apology
make an appointment,         make an attempt,         make a change
make a choice,               make a claim,            make comments
make a difference,           make an effort,          make an escape
make an exception,           make a fortune,          make a gesture
make a habit of something,   make a law,              make love
make a mistake,              make a name for oneself, make an offer
make peace,                  make plans,              make progress
make a proposal,             make room for someone,   make a start
make a success of something, make a suggestion,       make war
make a will,                 make a wish

* do + noun.
do your best,       do business,        do the cleaning
do the cooking,     do damage,          do the dishes
do your duty,       do exercises,       do good
do someone good,    do your hair,       do harm
do the housework,   do your homework,   do a job
do the laundry,     do math,            do your nails
do nothing,         do no goods,        do a report
do research,        do right,           do the shopping
do sports,          do the wash,        do wonders
do work,            do wrong
Who does your hair?

The matter will be dealt with soon.
Our office will be cleaned out tomorrow.
My car has been stolen.
A prototype has already been made by another company.
That country has been invaded.
These people have been infected.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
The windows were opened.
This car was smashed down.
The phone lines are being used.
A second model is being developed now.
Our luggage is being checked now.
Exchanges were being built.
This building was being built this time last year.

Who can come up with the best product at the lowest possible price? (think of)
Is that the best excuse you can come up with?
We've been asked to come up with some new ideas.
I must come up with a solution to the project.
Don't put up with it. (tolerate)
She put up with his violent temper.
It boils down to this. (summarized)
This kind of thing boils down to their stupid.
You'd better talk him out of it. (persuade)
Face up to reality. (accept)
She looks down on us. (considers us inferior)
Don't look down on me.
I'm coming down with the flu. (about to be sick)
I look forward to your visit. 

#Lesson3: Twice lucky Chapter 3
* keywords: 
    - IRREGULAR adv. 
        fast, better, best, early
        hard, high, last, late, near
    - someone,somebody,somewhere,something...
      anyone,anybody,anytime,anywhere,anything...
      nobody,nowhere,nothing...
    - There + be + noun. : 
        There has been
        There should be
        There will be
        There could be
        There must be
    - could
      be able to

It went slowly.
It rained heavily.
It went fast.
You've done better.
Your bike will run better if you oil it.
I want to sleep better tonight.
It works best if you let it warm up first.
We arrived early.
How fast can you get the job done?
It all happened so fast I didn't even notice I was bleeding.
She works hard.
Sometimes David hardly does any work.
She tried her hardest to ignore what he'd said.
I'm concentrating very hard.
I can hardly believe it.
We just do not set our sights high enough.
An eagle circled high overhead.
You jumped too high.
He is a highly successful politician.
When I last saw her, she was working in New York.
I can hardly remember when I last went to travel.
Lastly, could I ask all of you to keep this information secret?
Lastly, I would like to ask about your future plans.
We have to work late tonight.
It was late in the afternoon.
Lately, I've had trouble sleeping.
Lately, I've felt uncomfortable.
They live near London.
Don't come near me.
It took nearly two hours to get here.

I met someone you know.
Is there anything I can do to help?
There isn't anything you can do to help.
Is there something I can do to help? (expect Yes)
There's nothing I can do to help.

There has been an accident.
There will be a meeting next week.
There could be a problem about this.
There must be a mistake.
There will be a match in the city.
There has been a party.
Is there a gun?
There wasn't a party.

I could run very fast when I was young.
Could you dunk when you were young?
I was able to get tickets for the match yesterday.
I was able to speak English two years ago.
I want to be able to pass my driver's test first time.
Chip and Daisy might have been able to get to the mainland if they had caught the ferry.
They should have been able to solve that problem.
 
##Unit58
#Lesson1: The two sides of Jack
* keywords: 
    - have/has been: How long...? since, for
    - To what do I owe the honor?
    - beat up, give up, take away
    - prep. + -ing

How long has it been since you went to your mother's?
I haven't been there for weeks.
How long has it been since you went to the office?
I haven't been there for two months.
I've been in this apartment for five years.
I've been with China Mobile for three years.
I've been at this bus stop for half an hour.
 
To what do I owe the honor? (= How do I thank you?)
So, to what do I owe the honor?
Who did you speak to?
What is this device for?

Do you want me to beat him up?
I want you to beat up him.
Tess gave up her old job.
Tess gave her old job up.
Tess gave it up.
Did Tess give her old job up?
Please take away your coat.
Take your coat away.
Take it away.

Don't even think of showing up.
He left the restaurant without paying.
I'm sorry for disturbing you.
I'm afraid of talking with these people.
Mix the powder with boiling water.
This is an art of painting.

#Lesson2: Society today
* keywords: 
    - I didn't know why...
               know when...
      I asked sb when...
                 where...
    - had done / had been done
    - both...and...
      either...or...
      neither...nor...
    - have sth done : service, build, clean, cut, decorate...
      is having sth done
      had sth done
    - in which: adj. clause (more information)

I asked David when he would arrive.
I don't know when David will arrive.
She asked me where I would go.
She doesn't know why I'm leaving.
I don't know when he will arrive.
I didn't know when he would arrive.
I don't know how I get rid of them.
I didn't know how I would get rid of them.
I didn't know why I always felt something was missing.
I didn't know what you would want.

When I arrived, Ann had left.
They had adopted him.
After I had left, she arrived.
I had left before she arrived.
He had been adopted as a baby but was raised in a loving family.
When I got there, the meat had been sold out.
He did well in life because he had been raised in a loving family.

They were both amazed and delighted.
They were both mean and stupid.
They were both tall and strong.
They were either amazed or delighted.
There were either nasty or hypocrisy.
You add either one or two cloves of garlic.
They were neither amazed nor delighted.
They were neither honesty nor kind.
You can answer neither confirm nor deny.
In many primitive cultures, they were looked on with reverence or fear - either put on a pedestal or put to death.

I'm having the car serviced.
David is having his car serviced.
I have had my car serviced.
I'm going to have my car serviced.
I'm having my house decorated.
I have had my house decorated.
I'm going to have my house decorated.

For every case in which the answer seems to be yes.
There's another in which it's no.
For everyone in which the purpose seems to be the same.
There's a special person in which he's different.

#Lesson3: Twice lucky Chapter 4
* keywords: 
    - v. + to do / -ing : remember, forget, regret, try
    - v. + sth + do (whole) 
      v. + sth + -ing (part)
      feel, hear, listen to, notice, see, watch, smell
    - v. + do : let, make, would rather, had better
    - so + adj. + (that)...
      so + adj.
      such + a/an noun. + (that)...

Remember to post my letter.
I remembered posting your letter.
Remember to take your phone.
I remembered taking my phone.
Don't forget to ask.
I forgot to pick her up.
Have you forgotten meeting me?
She has forgotten ordering the ticket.
I regret to say I don't feel well.
I regret to say you failed the exam.
I regretted letting her go.
I regret saying what I said.
Try to understand.
You should try to learn English.
Try holding your breath for a minute.
I will try speaking English to a foreigner.

She saw them looking up anxiously.
I watch the children playing a game.
How would you feel about working with Claire?
I could hear them arguing outside.
I noticed a bird sitting on the roof.
I think I can smell something burning.
She felt his arms go round her.
I heard you change your mind.
She heard the wind change.
She watched the children play a game.
I noticed them come in.

Let him go.
Let them in.
The motor made the boat shoot ahead.
The new learning method made me learn faster.
I'd rather wait here if you don't mind.
I would rather stay at home.
You'd better do as you're told.
You had better get out of here.

The boat was slapping against the waves so hard that Daisy dropped her purse.
I was so tired (that) I went to bed early.
Today is so cold that I put on my coat again.
She is so cute that I have to love her.
I'd had such a tiring day (that) I decided to go to bed early.
You're such an idiot that I don't want to talk to you at all.
I can't do any more work. It's all been so tiring.
I'm so tired.

##Unit59
#Lesson1: The job
* keywords: 
    - SENSE VERBS + adj. : appear, feel, look, seem, smell, sound, taste
    - adj. + preposition. + noun. / -ing : good at, afraid of, bored with, clever at, enthusiastic about, fond of, interested in, slow at, sorry for, surprised at, worried about
    - a/an + countable noun. : identify
    - write : write down, write for, write in, write off, write out, write up

You look terrific.
You look well.
appear strange, feel rough, look good, seem impossible, smell sweet, sound nice, taste bad
They appear strange.
He tried hard to appear calm.
It feels rough.
It seemed impossible.

I'm not very good at relationships.
He was afraid of being caught by the police.
I won't bore you with all the technical details.
He was clever at finding bargains.
I'm fond of Claire.
I'm not very good at writing letters.
I feel so bored with watching movies.

You're a detective.
That's not a problem.
He's an accountant.
She's a composer.
We're detectives.
They're problems.
They're policemen.
We're programmers.

I wrote down his name and address. (record)
I wrote it down.
I wrote down their questions. 
I wrote for their catalog. (order)
I wrote for this magazine.
Maureen Dowd writes for ‘The New York Times’.
I wrote in my initials in front of my name. (add)
If you would like a copy of our fact sheet, please write in, enclosing a stamped addressed envelope.
Please write in your phone number.
The company wrote off our debts. (cancel)
I've just written off my credit card.
I wrote out all the names of the people who would support me. (write in full)
Can you write out all the ingredients of the recipe?
This place has been written up in all the guides. (write your opinion)
I have to write up my report before the meeting. 
They've written up their comments for this article.

#Lesson2: Sports
* keywords: 
    - no the: Records, Beans, Museums, Life, Swimming...
    - enough / too
    - to do : purpose
      so that / in order that + adv. clause
    - as: prep. / when / because / as...as / clause / like

Records are broken on a monthly basis.
Apples were sold out.
Beans are good for you.
Planes have lots of types.
Museums close on Mondays.
Life is short.
Swimming is good for you.
Beer is not good for you.
Jogging is good for you.

His first jump was long enough to put him in first.
He is strong enough to lift it.
He is tall enough to dunk.
Your car is large enough to take us.
He's too weak to lift it.
She is too stupid to understand what I mean.
Your car is too small to pick us up.
I don't have enough money to go on vacation this year.
There is enough hot water to have a bath.

I entered it to compete and to win.
I turned on the computer to code.
I got up early to jog in the park.
I entered it so that I might compete and win.
I entered it in order that I might compete and win.
We all take masks so that we wouldn't be infected by a coronavirus.
They risk their lives in order that the rest of us can sleep better.

Lewis was seen as selfish.
Lewis was seen as an elder statesman.
I work as a hotel receptionist.
The news apparently came as a complete surprise.
He was seen as a system stranger.
I work as a educator.
We arrived as the last train was leaving.
They often bully me as I was a child.
Flowers are booming as the weather turns warm.
As the last train had left, we took the bus.
As the tickets were sold out, we might go home as well.
Enjoy the first hour of the day. This is important as it sets the mood for the rest of the day.
He is as tall as me.
I never went through a final exam that was as difficult as that one.
I never watched a movie that was as boring as that one.
Please do as I say.
They just do as you want.
I still do as she asked me.
As I told you, it's a question of time and money.
As I told you, they are both mean and stupid.
Daisy thought as she began to cry with relief.

#Lesson3: Twice lucky Chapter 5
* keywords: 
    - -ing : adv. clause
    - -ed : adv. clause
    - over / above
      to / toward(s)
      into / out of
    - adj. clause:
      ..., who...
      ..., which...
      ...that...

Wiping the spray out of her eyes, Daisy saw the boat had turned around.
Taking a bunch of flowers, I set off to pick her up.
Showing our tickets, we entered the theatre.
Not knowing his phone number, I couldn't call.
Not noticing the red light, I drove through the line.
I damaged the car while trying to park it.
I listened to music while working in the office.
We often have dinner while watching TV.

Huddled over the motor, the men ignored her.
Taken our bags, we set out to the meeting.
Finished our work, we went and sang Karaoke.
Opened the door, I quietly went into the room.

The helicopter was over/above the boat.
The hot air ballon was over the bridge.
I walked to the railroad station.
I walked toward the railroad station.
She ran to her children.
She ran towards her children.
They helped her into the boat.
They helped her out of the boat.
We all come into the office.
The keys must have fallen out of my pocket.
Please help me out of the car.

Daisy, who was wearing a summer dress, began to shiver.
That's the man, who is wearing a pair of sunglasses, stolen your purse.
That's the bridge, which was damaged in the war.
The newspaper that first published the story made a lot of money.
The house that I just bought spent all my money.

##Unit60
#Lesson1: Scoop!
* keywords: 
    - ADVICE: should, ought to / might / had better  + do
    - If + were/were to
    - adj. ending in -ed / -ing
    - a/an, the

You should find out about it.
You ought to find out about it.
You should get a job next month.
You ought to have an apple every day.
You shouldn't believe what you hear.
You oughtn't to believe what you hear.
You shouldn't talk with them.
You oughtn't to believe what they said.
You might find out about it. (tentative)
You might feel a little pain.
You'd better find out about it.
You'd better get out of my way.

If I were Janice, I would want to know more.
If Janice were here, she would want to know more.
If he were here, this problem would be solved.
If I were you, I would give up this job.
Mr.Nyatt would be very upset if he were to miss this interview.
She would be very happy if you were to sing a song for her.
She asked me if it would be OK if she were to leave early this afternoon.

Mr.Nyatt is very excited about this opportunity.
I'm very tired after work.
The children are delighted with traveling.
This opportunity is very exciting for Mr.Nyatt.
This job is very tiring for all of us.
Your words were very humiliating to her.
Mr.Nyatt is exciting, boring, tiring, etc. (personality)
You are amusing, amazing.

This is Janice Berlin, a reporter from Business Magazine. Janice is the reporter who interviewed Gene Nyatt last year.
Claire is a musician from Norway. She is the composer who made this song.

#Lesson2: Possessions
* keywords: 
    - on + n.
    - come down to, get away with, go in for, 
      speak up for, stand up for, look up to
    - ago / since, for
    - one / ones

on account of,    on demand,    on line,         on the lookout
on average,       on display,   on loan,         on the phone
on behalf of,     on duty,      on no account,   on the radio/TV
on business,      on fire,      on purpose,      on the way
on condition,     on foot,      on sale,         on time
on credit,        on hand,      on the contrary, on your own
She was told to wear flat shoes, on account of her back problem.
I came here on foot.

It all comes down to this. (mean)
How did he get away with it? (deceive)
I go in for sports. (interest)
You should speak up for him. (state)
Stand up for your rights. (defend)
She looks up to her parents. (respect)

How long ago did you see him?
I saw him three weeks ago.
How long ago did you sing karaoke?
I sang karaoke two months ago.
I haven't seen him since January.
How long haven't you gone to the office?
I haven't gone there since February.
I went there for a week.
I'll be there for a week.
He had a sick for a week.

That's a tough question. = It's a tough one.
I just bought a pair of new shoes. I just bought one.
I don't want to wear my old shoes. I want to wear my new ones.
We haven't any apples. We will buy fresh ones.
Do you know David Gainer? Is he the one who works with Tess?
She is the one who can solve this problem.
Don't use that milk. Use this fresh milk.
Drink this nice beer.
They saved up and bought one thing at a time.

#Lesson3: Twice lucky Chapter 6
* keywords: 
    - adj. suffixs : -able/-ible, -ful, -ic, -ive, -ant, -ish, -ly, -ing
    - TAG QUESTIONS: 
        didn't you? / did you?
        don't you? / do you? 
        won't you? / will you?
        isn't it? / is it?
    - two objects: 
        give/bring/lend/sell/show...to...
        buy/choose/cook/do/get...for...
        it,them: give it to... / buy them for...
    - pronunciation of -ed

manageable, permissible, hopeful, energetic, attractive, hesitant, foolish, friendly, running water
the maximum permissible level of radiation

You have it, don't you?
You saw him, didn't you?
You didn't see him, did you?
You finished the job, didn't you?
She didn't make it, did she?
You'll post my letter, won't you? (goes up, don't know)
You locked the door, didn't you?  (goes down, know)
You won't tell her anything, will you?
Everything's all right, isn't it?

I gave it to you.
Give me the book. Give the book to me.
Buy me the book. Buy the book for me.
Can you bring the phone to me?
I can't lend money to you.
Please show your face to everybody.
Give it to me.
Buy them for me.
I'll cook something nice for you tonight.

/d/ : dropped, arrived
/t/ : packed, passed, watched, washed, laughed, tipped
/id/: added, decided, counted, excited, needed, wanted
Eric fell asleep, his head gently tipping to one side. (lean)
Ben tipped the contents of the drawer onto the table. (pour)
Her head tipped to my shoulder.
Please tip the contents of your bag on the table.

##Unit61
#Lesson1: Snoop
* keywords: 
    - vt. + object. :like, afford, allow, blame, bring, contain, deny, enjoy,
                     excuse, fix, get, have, inform, let, like, love, make, 
                     mean, need, owe, prove, put, question, remind, rob,
                     select, want
      vt. = super verb.(emphasize verb)
      vi. + prep. + object. (emphasize object)
    - affirmative and negative responses: 
        too, So
        either, Neither, Nor
    - double imperatives: 
        Go and buy 
        Try and be / Try to be
        omit and: come find me  / Go tell him
    - polite requests:
        Can I ask who you are? / Could I... / May I... / Might I...
        Do you think... / I wonder if... 

I like it.
I love one.
I have some.
I don't want any.
I don't want one.
I like vegetables.
You have to afford the amount.
I've allowed half a bottle of wine for each person.
Please allow 28 days for delivery.
The bag contained a gun.
Please excuse the mess.
Please inform us of any changes of address.
The leaflet informs customers about healthy eating.
As far as I'm concern, the bad weather means bad moods.
The country owes billions of dollars to foreign creditors.

I can speak French. I can, too. So can I.
I can't speak French. I can't, either. Neither can I / Nor can I.
I like it. I do, too. So do I.
I don't like it. I don't, either. Neither do I. / Nor do I.
She can compose songs. I can, too. So can I.
She can't compose songs. I can't, either. Neither can I. / Nor can I.
She likes it.  I do, too. So do I.
She doesn't like it. I don't, either. Neither do I. / Nor do I.
He didn't like smoking. I didn't, either. Neither did I. / Nor did I.
He drank a bottle of beer. I did, too. So did I.

Go and buy yourself a hat.
Let's go and watch a movie.
Sing and dance with us.
Sweep and clean your room.
Try and be helpful. Try to be helpful.
Try and be nice. Try to be nice.
Try to sing this song.
Go tell him. Go and tell him.
If I'm not in the office, come find me.
Go play with them.
Go fix your car.
Come help me.
Come look at this.
She looks kind of like my sister.

Can I ask who you are?
Can I ask where is the meeting room?
Could I ask who can help me?
May I ask who is the boss?
May I ask why you want to know?
Might I ask when we'll set off?
Do you think you could point me to his table?
I wonder if you could point me to his table.
Do you think you could help me fix this bug?
I wonder if you could tell me where is the boss?

#Lesson2: The cost of the commerical
* keywords: 
    - possessive pronouns: 
              mine, yours, his, hers, ours, theirs
              of + ~ : of mine, of yours 
    - gender: he, she, it
              man/woman, boy/girl, Mr./Ms.
              child, cook, doctor, friend, journalist, lawyer, neighbor, person, student, teacher, writer...
    - since:  prep.
              adv.
              conj. = because
              conj. = when
    - viewpoint adv.:
        - clearly, definitely, honestly, naturally, obviously, really, strictly speaking (= I'm sure.)
        - anyhow/anyway, actually, briefly, in brief, in effect, in a few words, in short (= I'm goint to be brief.)
        - as far as I'm concerned, frankly, in my opinion (= I'm expressing my opinion.)

No other job is as fraught with contradictions as is theirs.
Your wife is not as beautiful as mine.
My car is faster than yours.
His phone is better than hers.
He's a friend of mine. Is he a friend of yours?
This is a pair of shoes of mine.
She is a colleague of theirs.
He is a taxi driver of this company.
She is a staff of China Mobile's.
Your children are yours for life.
I got this information from a good friend of mine.

My neighbor is always telling me about his/her famous son.
Your child often plays with his toys.
My lawyer asked me to tell her the truth.
I love the spring – it’s a wonderful time of the year.

I haven't seen her since Friday.
I haven't hung out since January.
He left yesterday and I haven't seen him since.
After having gone abroad, I've since worked as a programmer.
Since it's a public holiday, all the stores are closed today.
I'm always exercising since my body is not very good.
Nothing much has changed since Jack joined Indica.
I've stayed at home since coronavirus was spread around the world.

I'm definitely going to get in touch with these people.
Obviously, they've had sponsorship from some big companies.
Anyway, why didn’t you call the police?
In effect, we’ll be earning less than we were last year.
Actually, on second thoughts, I don’t think I want to go out tonight.
Frankly, I think the Internet is overrated.
As far as I'm concerned the officials incited the fight.
In my opinion, you can't advance in composing yourself.

#Lesson3: Twice lucky Chapter 7
* keywords: 
    - both / each / any + of + noun. + are... (n. >= 3)
      neither / either / none /  + of + noun. + is
      both of them, neither of girls
      both girls (n. = 2)
    - verbs meaning "become": get, grow, come, fall, go, run, turn, wear 
    - deduction: must be + adj. (present)
                 must have/has been + adj. / must have done (past)
      necessity: must + do (have to)
                 had to (past)                
    - was/were/did 
      as, while, when, just as
      was/were + doing

Both girls are ready to go to the party.
Both of the girls are ready to go to the party.
Both of these methods are not perfect.
Both of the songs are very nice.
Neither girl is ready to go to the party.
Neither of the girls is ready to go to the party.
Neither of these methods is perfect.
Neither of these people is honesty.
Each of these people has some useful talent or experience.
There were three witnesses but I wouldn't trust either of them.
None of my friends phones me anymore.

The sky was growing darker.
get wet/tired/hungry/angry
grow tired/old/dark/fat
come true, fall ill, go bad, run dry, turn gray, wear thin
My cloth was getting wet in the rain.
She gets angry.
We're all growing old.
He grows fat.
My dream comes true.
Our company goes bad.
She wears thin.
Milk goes bad quickly in hot weather.

You must be tired. He must live abroad.
She must be angry. She must forget to close the faucet.
You must have been tired. He must have lived abroad.
He must have found my purse after we left the dock.
She must have been hungry.
You must have been deceived by those people.
All vehicles must stop at the railroad crossing.
You must stop when the light turns red.
All vehicles had to stop at the railroad crossing.
I had to take a mask when I took the subway.
The vehicle must have stopped at the crossing.
The vehicle had to stop at the crossing.

Daisy was just opening her purse when a blast of wind hit them. (interruption)
I was learning English at home when someone knocked at the door.
I was watching TV while she was sleeping last night.
The express package arrived as I was leaving my house.
Just as the two men were leaving, a message arrived.
We played cards while we were waiting for the next train to arrive.
The snow began to fall just as we were walking home.

##Unit62
#Lesson1: Puzzle pieces
* keywords: 
    - a/an, the
    - no articles: breakfast, lunch, tea, dinner, supper
      a + adj. + meal: a big breakfast
      particular: the ~
    - -self
      amuse, blame, cut, dry, enjoy, hurt
      dress, hide, shave, wash
    - in, at, to + PLACES
      (go) into, (come) out of

A Mr.Bob Tanner. (a certain person)
It was a Mr.Bob Tanner.
He's a Tanner. (= a member of that family)
Do you mean the Mr.Nyatt, our Chairman? (specific)
Do you mean the Mr.Bryan, our new CTO?

Dinner is served.
Let's have lunch.
I don't have supper.
I always eat a big breakfast.
We had a very good dinner last night.
I usually have a rich lunch.
The breakfast I orderd still hasn't arrived.

I asked myself.
I cut myself shaving this morning.
She often amuses herself.
They always enjoy themselves.
I got up and dressed myself.
She dressed herself this morning.
Are you washing your car yourself?
Take care of yourself! (emphasize)
I asked myself what was going on.
She fixed that bug herself.

He's in Tokyo.
He went to Tokyo.
I'm in Beijing.
I went to a party.
I'll meet you at the airport.
I hope you meet him at the party.
I'll meet you in the airport at check-in.
I'll meet you in the mall at the coffee shop.
Gene's gone/been to Tokyo.
Tony has gone to Norway.
David's gone into the kitchen.
David's just come out of the kitchen.
Claire has gone into the bathroom.
I have just come out of the bathroom.

#Lesson2: Review
* keywords: 
    - negative questions: Isn't / Aren't / Can't 
                          Don't / Doesn't / Didn't 
                          Haven't / Hasn't
                          Wouldn't / Won't
    - prep. + being: without/for/after/instead of + being
    - at/on/in/within + time
    - noun. clause subjects: What/How/Why/Where/When/Who/Which... + is...

Isn't there enough bad art in the world?
Is there not enough bad art in the world? (emphasize)
Isn't there enough bad guys in this country?
Isn't it time we got in touch with Jack? (invite the answer "Yes")
Isn't it time we should go to have lunch?
Can't you ride a bicycle? (surprise/disbelief)
Can't you drive on the highway?
Didn't you finish your homework?
Haven't you got any clue?
Wouldn't you come to my home?
Won't your flight to New York tomorrow?
Don't you ever shut the door behind you? (annoyance)
Don't you ever turn the voice down?
Don't you ever clean your room?
Isn't it hot in here! (claim)
Isn't it cold in here!
Isn't it so far from home!

I left the room without making a noise.
The thief entered the building without being seen.
He left home without looking at her.
She passed me without speaking.
Without being able to make sense of it.
The boss was angry with me for being late.
Claire was happy with me for being rich.
I don't like her for being arrogant.
I was always on time after being told never to be late again.
After being praised at work, I feel very happy.
They were proved guilty after being arrested in that crime.
You should be pleased instead of being angry.
You should be insulted instead of being satisfied.

at 10 o'clock
on Monday
on June 16th
in January
in the morning
The job was done within ten minutes.
Aren't you done this job within 5 minutes?

What they do is help us define truly great works.
What he does with the information is his business.
What we wanna do is impress him with our amazing efficiency.
What they do is make me feel very disgusted.
What you think with that girl is very naive.
How I got here on time is a mystery.
How he made that 3-points is unbelievable.
How she composed that song is an interesting story.
Why Jack got a job with Indica is something he can't explain.
Why I haven't got a job is something I don't want to explain.
Why I don't like staying in this room is it doesn't ventilate.
Why are you so stupid is I don't understand.
Why didn't you buy that product is I really don't care.
Who does she like is I really don't care.

#Lesson3: Twice lucky Chapter 8
* keywords: 
    - adv. clause: as if / as though
                   as if / as though + do(does)/were/had been
      be, act, appear, behave, feel, look, seem, smell, sound, taste
    - although / though / even though / but
    - take + prep. + object: take after, take to
      take off
      take off, take in
    - make + prep. + object: make for, make of
      make out, make up
      make out, run away

The agent just looked at him as if he were crazy.
It's as if/as though she doesn't believe us.
I feel as if she's angry.
Tony acted as if he was better than everyone else.
They appeared as if they said is true.
My leg feels as if it's broken.
The meal smelt as though it is stale.
You sound as if you've got a cold.
He looked at him as if/as though he were crazy.
He looked at him as if/as though he had been in a fight.
He behaved as though he was mad.
She seemed as if she had forgotten that thing.

Janice keeps calling us, although/though/even though she knows we have no information.
Janice keeps calling us, but she knows we have no information.
Bryan keeps waiting for Claire, although he knows she won't come.
You can copy down my answers, although I'm not sure they're right.
Although they are so stupid, I still try to help them.
Although the sun was shining, it wasn't very warm.
They are generous although they are poor.
We've invited the boss, but she may decide not to come.
Studying English is very hard, but I won't give up.
It is raining, but I still want to drive home. 

She takes after her mother. (take after = resemble)
You really take after your mother.
I've taken to jogging. (take to = start enjoying)
I've taken to leaning English.
I've taken to listening to music.
He took off his jacket. He took his jacket off. (remove)
She took off some time from her job. She took some time off from her job. (not report for work)
The plane took off. (rise into the air)
The train took off.
I was completely taken in. (deceive)
You were taken in by them.
Surely you weren't taken in by what he said?

They made for the airport.
What do you make of this? (understand)
Do you make of this?
We can still make out the numbers. (see)
Do you make out the problem?
She makes up stories all the time. (invent)
You don't have to make up excuses for being late in such bad weather.
They always make up stories.
How are you making out? (succeed)
I must make out this problem.
He seized her purse and made off. (run away)
The men made off as the police arrived.

##Unit63
#Lesson1: True colors
* keywords: 
    - stative verbs: appreciate, like, love, need, prefer, want, understand
      dynamic verbs (most verbs): do/does, am/is/are + doing
    - emphatic forms: do/did + verb.
    - model verbs 1st use: can/may/must/might/will/should/have to/be able to
    - model verbs 2nd use: degrees of certainty

I really appreciate it.
She loves her baby.
Do you like swimming?
I want to go abroad.
Do you understand what I mean?
I need some fresh air.
This property is appreciating quickly.
I always do the ironing on Monday.
It's Monday today and I'm doing the ironing.
Can you cook your supper?
I'm cooking my lunch.

He did come yesterday.
She did come late yesterday.
I did go to that meeting.
Do have another cup of coffee.
Do have another cup of beer.
Do have confirmed again.

I can take a message.
You may leave early.
It will rain soon.
You should do as you're told. (ought to)
You must stop at the red light.
You should be pleased with what we've been able to dig up.

degrees: low -> high
It might mean a lot of things.
It could mean a lot of things. (It could have meant a lot of things.)
It would mean a lot of things.
It must mean a lot of things.
It can't mean very much.
It means a lot of things.

#Lesson2: Travel report
* keywords: 
    - wish + did/had done/were/could/would
    - it: subject
    - get: passive construction (got)
           become: get + arrested/caught/confused/divorced/dressed/drowned/elected/engaged/hit/killed/lost/married/stuck
    - will/shall

I wish I had a better watch. (now)
I wish I had a sports car.
I wish I got a decent job.
I wish you had asked me first. (past)
She wished that she had never begun the journey.
I wish you had told me everything about Jack's reactions yesterday.
I wish they had killed each other.
I wish you had solved the problem yourself.
I wish I were on vacation now.
I wish they were in the office.
I wish I were at the meeting.
I wish I could swim. 
I wish we could go there.
I wish I could dunk.
I wish we could fix our car.
I wish you/he would quiet.
I wish she could through the test.
I wish he would do as I tell him.

I love the spring – it's a wonderful time of the year.
I love singing. It's my favorite activity.
It's hot today.
It's eight o'clock.
It's a nice day.
It's a sports car.
It's take-out.
It's Thursday.

I got delayed by the heavy traffic. (= was delayed)
I always get judged by those stupid people. (get=be)
She got bullied in kindergarten yesterday.
Tony got arrested because of stolen.
I got confused about what you said.
He got drowned in the river.
Did you get engaged with Jenney?
Perhaps I got sidetracked.

I shall/We shall see you tomorrow.
I shall order a take-out.
Shall I carry your bag for you?
I will see you tomorrow.
I will hang out with my friends.
I'll see you tomorrow. 
I'll stick to the road, thank you.
I'll go outside in ten minutes.
I'll finish my job at 6 o'clock.

#Lesson3: Twice lucky Chapter 9
* keywords: 
    - manage to do / be able to do
    - particles that extend the meaning of the verb.: out / in / up
    - adv. clause of time: 
        when, after, as, as soon as, before, 
        by the time (that), once, since, until/till...(before), while
    - present: to be done       / to have been done
      past:    to have sth done / to have had sth done

I managed to sleep eight hours last night.
I was able to sleep eight hours last night.
We managed to fix that bug yesterday.
She has been able to dress by herself.
I could sleep right through the night without interruption when I was young.
I could understand what you feeling.
I could cover this trouble.
I didn't manage to sleep at all last night.
I wasn't able to sleep at all last night.
I couldn't sleep at all last night.
I didn't manage to help her to solve this problem.
I wasn't able to help you.
I couldn't help you.

Drive the car out.
Ride the moto out.
Leave the word out. (omission)
You left a word out.
Leave the job out.
Write this out.
Read this out.
Would you please copy this out again?
Let him in.
Come on in.
Write this in.
Remember this in.
Fill this car up.
Have you filled the barrel up?
Pick that up.
Pick your phone up.
Help the patient up.
Help me up.

Once they were aboard, the train seemed to creep along.
When they arrived at the station, they tried to get a taxi.
Once I finish my work, I'll go home.
When I got home, I immediately started learning English.
After I had gone abroad, I started finding a job.
I had ordered a take-out before I got home.
I went into the kitchen as soon as I got home.
By the time we got home, we were tired and hungry.
By the time I got the office, the meeting had started for half an hour.
They talked on and on until four o'clock in the morning.
We waited until our guests had gone before clearing up.

They wanted the ticket to be verified.
I want my ability to be qualified.
Your identity needs to be checked.
They wanted to have the ticket verified.
I wanted to have my car serviced.
They wanted their ticket to have verified.
It was important for the ticket to have been verified.
It was important for my car to have been serviced.
It was important to have had the ticket verified.
It was important to have had my car serviced.
